I'm doing one of my favorite dishes in the Greek kitchen.
It's actually one of the simplest dishes, one of the most rustic, but also one of the most elegant.
It's spinach, rice pilaf called spanic or ezel.
I'm gonna start the way I start most of my recipes which is by hitting a little bit of great extra-virgin Greek Olive oil and sauteing an onion.
In this case I'm using an oil from western Crete from a place called Sathya This is a protected designation of origin olive oil chopped red onion here, which I'm going to add to the olive oil soon as the onion is softened.
I'm gonna add my garlic and my rice.
this is on a gentle flame I've got my garlic here.
long-grain hard boiled rice I Always saute my rice a little bit.
We want to coat it with the olive oil.
That actually helps to bring out the aroma of the rice.
I'm adding my spinach.
This is a fresh, beautiful flat leaf spinach that I've cut off the stems I Want to make sure you do that because you want.
This is a dish that's soft and comforting and that's what we want.
That's the final result.
Something that soothes your soul.
I Never add water to this dish until I see what liquid the actual spinach exudes.
The whole point is to cook it so that you retain as many of the nutrients as possible.
You don't want to dilute them with the water I cover it I Let the spinach cook until it loses most of its volume.
I'm gonna stir it up and add everything else.
Wow, that smells good I'm gonna add a little bit of water to help cook the rice dill which gives it it's sort of flavor.
a little bit of salt, coarse sea salt one of my editions which is a bit of cumin, a little freshly ground black pepper.
just raising the heat a little bit because I can see that my rice is pretty much cooked and there's still a fair amount of liquid left in the pot.
The last thing we're gonna do to this is add some lemon juice freshly squeezed, putting my lid back on the pot.
I'm gonna leave this for about five or six minutes so that the rice absorbs whatever excess liquid is still in the pot.
This is a dish we can serve either hot or at room temperature.
I'm shaving a little bit of feta right over the top I'm adding my lemon just a slice.
The lemon juice does something to this dish besides making it look very pretty.
It actually helps us absorb all that great iron in the spinach.
and at the end, of course, our wonderful extra-virgin Greek Olive oil from Cynthia Just a little bit of fresh dill for some brightness and that's it.
This dish is an antioxidant balm and it's really delicious.
You.
