Just melt off.
Alright first, thanks for watching and this video is about me and my dad stripping the paint off of the gas can and the bike frame of a 1979 Yamaha XS 1100 that he got.
We have the engine rebuilt and everything but this is a stripping the paint and how we did it and then me priming just the bike frame so it has a lot of time ops and stuff is not a whole bunch information but if you have any questions about how I did anything look below and you'll see some stuff - all the stuff I bought in the description.
use those links and if you have any questions just comment.
you just brush this stuff on here and it literally bubbles off in the middle [Music] [Music] I'll bring you into all right So here's what I got stripper after wash before using after the stripper removes the chemical to things of must for the rust.
When can a primer?
When we were stripping the bike we use that like I showed you and what we did was we put it in a mason jar and we painted it on with this and then melted the brush.
Okay so that was a pain and it would get on her hands and it would burn really bad.
so put gloves on like it would burn through these gloves though like it would burn through them so be really careful if you're using stuff.
it's some nasty stuff.
so today instead of making a mess with the paint brush I'm going to use the spray version.
Hope Leo watches a lot of the stuff I have on here is some nasty paint CBG said that and rust.
No, not a lot of hard rush.
but I mean enough that this should be able to get it off.
Time ups time [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] All right.
So now I am going to use this.
It says it should take about 30 minutes to soak in.
So I'm gonna get all the corners with this type of brush.
Get all of that out and yeah, we'll see how it works.
All right.
So this is the first coat with this stuff.
the must for rust.
Borrow sodium.
This stuff is awesome.
I spent I think $6 on it and it is a - rust off of I used it I used a little.
ah I use this.
he's that little still brush I just kind of brush it on there and I've been doing it for about 15-20 minutes and I mean ate the rest away.
So here is one more look at.
majority of the rust.
done alright.
so I have already primed pretty much the top I didn't have a way to hang it up so I just set it on this board, use the whole can of this self-etching primer and did the top sides pretty much everything step the bottom.
so I haven't leaned up like this right now.
I'm gonna get the bottom and then touch up all the other areas and then I have some 400 grit sandpaper the the rust-oleum and says to use to sand it down a little bit but yeah it's almost done.
it's looking good.
All of the little holes I taped and all the little and threads I took this screw that actually went into the hole and I screwed it into the whole lot of paint was not wet bed like just just damp enough to where you screwed it up and clump up at the bottom.
so I screwed it all the way through and like the little paint would come out of the threads that way all the flip the threads are clean.
So here's the hyperlapse of me.
spray pit in the bottom [Music] [Music] Alright and here's the frame primed I currently have a flash on right now so any little imperfection is definitely going to show up.
The one big mistake I think it's just you can kind of see it I didn't go the direction with the bar on that but all primed up and in about 24 hours it's ready to be sanded.
Alright thanks for watching.
Don't forget to subscribe for my next videos to see how I'm doing fixing up the bike and like the video.
