Hey there it's Katie Kimball from Kitchen Stewardship common I Have five tips for all of you who tell me my baby doesn't like a sling, he just doesn't like it or she didn't like it.
So I just did I never used it I Have so many moms in real life and online say stuff like that and and then later in the same conversation or the same day, you know they admit that they're struggling because they can't get things done or they just wish someone would come over and hold their babies so they could have a little break.
or oh man, you know my baby doesn't sleep very well or my baby doesn't let me sit her down and and I don't think that I have the best way or the most perfect way or that I'm the best mom because I use a sling.
but I just feel bad for those moms who are struggling so much because I really think that most babies, especially babies who do like to be held, will like a sling or carrier of some sort.
So here are my five tips and I got a little Prop.
Come here crap now.
prop is Gabe and he's five months old.
We go in here so the first tip is to try using a sling when the baby is happy, the baby should be well fed.
baby shouldn't be too overstimulated, especially cuz you're learning to you might not get it perfect the first time you know the baby should beat not be wets and I'll beat you, tire it or else then of course they're gonna seem like they don't like it.
So you make sure baby's in a good mood and then stand up, do not.
I mean if you need to get them adjusted sitting down, that's fine.
But most babies, even ones who love slings, do not like when you're sitting down.
So get standing up and I'm doing a lot of adjusting here because I'm getting those knees above his bum, I'm getting his head up close enough to kiss and making sure he's safely in here.
So do it when the baby's happy, stand up and then start moving.
Babies do tend to love motion.
You know you always see parents moving, but then sometimes people put on a sling and they just stand there and the babies fussing and they're like aw, the baby doesn't like it, you're through your joints.
but if you get moving a little bit back and forth that helps I find the butt bump.
It's tip number four that can help a lot get in the bum bum going like this and that can just kind of the baby down if they got a little fussy as you were struggling to get them incorrectly or whatever.
And then finally, tip number five is just to keep trying.
You know they say that you should try things like peas and chicken and sweet potatoes ten times before the baby likes it and that baby's gonna make a huge mess while they're telling you they don't like it.
The first nine times.
But you're good parents.
try ten times, right?
So give the sling a chance ten times and see how it goes.
You're pretty happy today.
Honking, you're being a good prop.
And then the bonus tip Honestly ladies is orange ends.
The dance stands are great for baby Rain too.
Um, the bonus tip is just to if it really doesn't work for you and baby and you've tried ten times and you've stood up and you've gotten moving and tried a little bit bump, then try a different type of carrier.
You know, go for something like an Ergo rub over or wrap or something.
something that will work for both of you because not all babies, but almost all babies.
I'm firmly convinced like to be in a carrier if they're the type of baby, especially who likes being home.
So please check out some of my other baby wearing videos at: YouTube Tom Comm slash Kitchen Stew and also Mom's if you're thinking but I just don't like it or why would I bother using a sling?
Check out my thoughts at Kitchen Stewardship.
Comm slash Babywearing.
Thank you.
