Hi thank you for watching this video!
My name is Darren O'Shea I'm the owner of Power Bricks Comm today.
We want to take a moment to show you the procedure for removing and replacing and key cap on a laptop computer keyboard.
Now there are many different types of keyboards and people are recognized amout there and I'll be able to show you how to deal with a couple of them.
For the example I have here: I've actually used a Dell keyboard from a Dell Inspiron 6000.
This is actually an 850 639 keyboard.
I'm actually holding two keyboards that look identical.
They actually are identical and function.
However, they're manufactured by two different locations.
One it's actually made in China the other one is made in Thailand And you may notice even taking a look at the back, that the backs of these keyboards appear completely different.
And that kind of tells you a little bit of the truth about the fact that the mechanisms behind the key caps are different too.
Therefore, if you were to go to a seller on eBay for example and just try to purchase a key cap from them, you would not be able to do that reliably unless you knew exactly the keyboard that you had in the exact type of key cap that they were selling here.
Okay, okay, we're going to zoom in on this.
You can see a little close-up of what I'll be doing now.
I've removed a sample key from each of these two keyboards.
This one has a flat plate on top above a rubber spring and has a couple of parts.
There's a white part of a scissor mechanism, scissor mechanism in a bike part of the scissor mechanism, and then down at the bottom there is one other black u-shaped piece of plastic that's fitting snugly and some clips.
There we take a look at the other keyboard.
it's a little different.
It also has a black rubber sponge in the center of it.
It has a scissor mechanism that rises up and down is just two white pieces of plastic or nylon, and they also stamp into some clips in the bottom of the keyboard.
So let's start with this one.
I'm going to just remove a sample key.
let's try this.
L right here now.
Typically I've got the keyboard upside down in your view makes it easiest to work out for me, but I'm going to try to remove it from the bottom and the easiest way I can do it as basically just lift up in a corner until I feel something snap.
There we go.
I'll remove that key and you can see the key mechanism underneath of it.
If we were to look at the back of the key, you will see that there are two slots on one side of it and two clips on the other side.
And that's important to notice because when we reorient it back onto the keyboard, the two slots will be fitting onto two posts that are sticking out from the mechanism and the two clips will be clipping on to two parts of the mechanism.
so you'll see that shortly.
So this particular mechanism is really easy to remove now.
I Always use my pocketknife I Get in there and and I find a a little part of the mechanism.
It's just stuck in right right underneath the tab there.
I Just pry that out being a little ornery for me, there we go.
and then I can just take that mechanism right out about all there is to it.
The mechanism is made of two pieces that one sits inside of the other.
There are 280 bitty tiny posts line up with holes on the inside of the larger mechanism.
You'll see what I do when I have the oriented properly under, squeeze on the bigger mechanism and the small post-flight in position and it lays flat.
Looks like one piece.
To reinstall this.
I Ensure that all my clips are not bent down so you'll want to take a look at the clips on either side.
There may be, you know, three or four clips on the bottom you keyboard that you'll need to examine.
Just make sure that they haven't been bitten down.
Sometimes you can just take your needle nose pliers and fit us back straight up into position again and get a previously unusable keyboard going.
Anyway, we're going to take this mechanism again, going to line the top of the back back in place underneath it.
It's big clip and the two little fingers that are sticking out, they're just going to push back into place.
That's all there is.
That guy's back back on there.
I'm going to take the key the two slots I'm going to locate right above the two tabs.
kind of press that down into there until it's about in to the right place.
then the bottom side will is pushed down till I hear a couple of clicks that guys installed.
Now we're going to swap this out for the other style keyboard.
it's doing the same thing here.
let's go for that same key so we'll try to take an L off.
Okay, I came out pretty easily right while you're watching video because yours came off a little too easily - this one's a little trickier for me.
I'm going to push down on this and just stick my knife right between the black and the white parts of that and I can actually take the black paddle out so the flat part of that just comes out okay.
and then that leaves us with a white part and a black part of the scissor mechanism here.
Now for this one.
I Figured out that I can just stick my knife edge and right here the edge and apply a little bit and till everybody comes free.
and then I slid the whole thing up toward the top of the keyboard and it just came out.
This guy is there's a white part of black part that come apart from each other.
There we go, we have two halves of it.
They put those back together, them into place.
I'll set them off the side for a second here, and just to show you this final part under here.
it's just a little u-shaped piece of plastic that fits inside the four tabs.
Again, if yours, we're bit down a little bit or something.
You can possibly pry them back up into shape with maybe a knife edge and a needle nose plier.
Be careful that you don't actually cut or damage the plastic surface below.
That's what actually has all your circuitry.
I Put this back in place.
There you go see.
seems to be back in there.
Okay, we'll take our scissor mechanism in this case.
The black part has a couple of notches sticking out at the top.
They actually fit underneath the two ends of the black u-shape part.
Once they slide down into position that I can just depress the white tabs into white notches into place.
until I hear a snap and I heard that snap.
So now my mechanism is in there and is in place.
and then I'm going to take the flat part, insert it on the bottom edge and think I'll just use my knife edge again to clip it in between.
Those guys, lever it into place a little bit there.
it's actually right back into place.
So this key cap actually just has two notches on the top and bottom two clips that are just going to grab in these little tiny holes here so it'll become locked on to the flat plate.
So I'll basically just turn it back over, make sure it's oriented properly, and set it on that lightly until it feels like it's in about the right place.
Push down and it's as good as new.
Well, that's all there was to that.
You can check out our other videos for some examples of some somewhat more complex keys such as the Spacebar, their shift and enter keys.
They've got a couple extra parts into there.
It's all pretty easy to deal with though.
Once you know what you're looking at, we will suggest that if you get your parts mixed up can't quite figure out how something fits together, pop another key off and examine that one and see how everything looks in it, how it fits together and then you get the other one put back together.
Also, if when you're taking a key off, the plastic mechanism comes off of the clips and actually stays on the back of the key, then you can just use your knife edge to pop it free of the back of the key cap.
Okay, well, thank you very much for viewing this video.
