Hi my name is Martha Coria and today I'm gonna try I'm gonna try to teach you how to make one of my favorite cold weather soups.
It's a tomato based soup with spinach, pasta and sausage in it.
First thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to heat up the oil off some olive oil in the pan and once that gets hot I'm going to add some onions and saute them with a little bit of garlic, bay leaf and Italian seasonings.
I will saute them for about seven minutes till they get translucent and soft so my onions are nice and translucent now and I'm going to add my next ingredient the spinach and we're just going to whip that up a little bit.
This is a very healthy soup.
so nice.
Good tomato and spinach and cos stuff so and my spinach is wilted.
it's not too overdone, you don't want to overdo it because it'll get soggy in the end.
the by the time you're done doing the soup, I'm gonna add about 12 ounces of tomato paste to my mixture, stir that in and one about 28 ounces of kitchen ready tomatoes.
mix that up and then I'm gonna next up I'm going to add some beef broth now you can use.
You can make this totally vegetarian if you want.
You could use a vegetable broth and omit the sausage.
and I'm going to put in or you can use chicken broth or beef broth.
I Found that all of them work well with this recipe.
I'm gonna add a little pepper and I'm adding about three and a half cups of broth and about a half a cup of red wine because wine always makes everything taste better.
It's usually whatever.
I have open, never specific kind and I'll let that heat up and add the final ingredients.
So my soups come up to a nice simmer now and I'm gonna finish it off I have cooked about a pound of sausage and crumbled it I'm gonna add that to it and then I'm also going to add about two cups of cooked tortellini.
You can use any kind of pasta with the soup.
it works well, but I like the cheese tortellini, it just gives it a little extra hardiness to it, especially on a cold winter day.
This is a great soup to serve on gameday, a snowy day, a rainy day, and you want a undercooked my pastor a little bit because it continues to cook in the tomato broth.
and then finally I'm going to add to it about 3/4 of a cup of grated Parmesan cheese because everything is always better with you.
And like I said, you can make this vegetarian if you'd like.
It's still good without the sausage.
It's just a great tomato based soup.
and there you have it.
