So today I'm going to show you how to set up a primitive slackline so it's a pretty easy setup.
You just need a webbing that's depending on the length you want between 20 and 30 metres and also which you will need is at minimum to and two rings.
You can also have a two extra carabiners just for the tensioning system to make it easier for yourself.
So the first thing you want to do is you're going to put the slackline around the tree.
so the N is on the left side and with your right hand you're going to grab the line just like this.
do a twist.
so that's a first loop and you're going to loop it through a second time.
So a second loop here.
you're going to take the end of the slackline, do another loop here, and just put it through that second loop.
And now what you're going to do with your other hand with your left hand, you're going to go underneath the first loop and just pull the end through it and then good pull.
So now you've got the first side set up.
So now that we've set up one side, I've come to the other tree which also has Qi pads.
That's a very important part of sock lining.
You want to protect the trees.
So I'm going to pull the line around the tree and we're basically going to do the same knot as we did on the other side.
So that's the end On the left side.
We've won my right hand going to do like this, create a loop again, and a second loop through that first one and now pull the end of the line through here with another loop and now pull the slack line the end of the slack line through that first loop.
I'm just holding onto that final loop just like pulling on the slack line itself.
so at the end you will see you can just pull this end and it will just come off.
We're going to set up the tensioning system for this slack line.
so I'm going to be pulling on the line here, just determining about the distance I want?
So I would say approximately one meter of space between me and the tree for each 10 meters of slack line.
approximately maybe a little bit more.
Even so now, I'm going to create a little bit of a loop here.
put it through the the Rings and just twist that loop around the ring just like this.
so you see there's I've created a bit of space right here.
so I can insert the carabiner right like this.
So now we've got one side set.
we are going to remember this side way.
it's open so to make it easier, watch out.
And now we're going to do the exact same thing on this side.
So again, just doing a bit of a loop here, just pulling this around the ring and we're going to put the carabiner fruit that's low hole here.
just going to make sure we're on the the opening is on the same side.
you see same side here we go.
So now what we're going to do is you're going to take this end.
make sure the line stays on this side, decide where the opening is again to make it easier for yourself.
put it through the bolt, up through the the carabiner, from below to the top.
All right.
So just going to make sure it's nice and flat here and now from the top, down through the and then pull it again.
So I hit the tree here and now this time I'm going from again from the bottom to the top.
but I'm going to put it underneath the the first the first part of the slackline so that it's basically friction on itself and now I'm going to do the same thing on this side from top to bottom.
So I'm following the initial like thread of the slackline and now I can tighten a little bit and then what?
I just we just need to do is make sure that the line is nice and flat.
There's no like twists before you start actually putting more tension onto the slackline.
So now the last part of this is just tensioning the slackline.
so what you might need is two extra carbon oars.
I've also made sure the line is nice and flat now so it doesn't twist.
it's not.
There is not any twist, so what's important is to check right here that it's nice and flat.
So I here you see it's like I dressed it up so that it stays flat and it's the same thing on the other side.
So now what I can start doing is just pulling it in a little bit just with my hands.
and then once I've pulled it in enough I can use one of them.
I can start by using one.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to pull the slack line through here for that and just twist it around just like this.
initially.
I'm going to use this just as a handle so that I can pull on the slack line to tension it.
So now I'm just I have a bit more leverage so just pull it all right.
So that's that.
I've tensioned it a little bit more.
so I'm just going to pull it through a little bit to readjust it.
It goes back to where it initially was perfect.
So now I'm going to take the the the end of it of the slack line there.
then that comes out of that knot and I'm going to place it a abena right here and put the line right through that.
and then next thing I'm going to put the the slack line through the first so that's going to create a little bit more.
It's basically going to help me gain some multiplying force I guess on the slack.
So I'm going to be able to hold a lot more on the slack line.
So now I can just pull on my own and get this slack line tied.
attention What?
So once I'm near the end, I can readjust so that it goes back.
so I have a little bit more room to pour and I could always add use an extra carabiner just as I explained before as a handle.
So same idea here right here.
the slackline right for the and as you twist it so that it forms a bit of a handle and then you just pulling it.
So finally, once you had a really good time clock lining, you want to like be able to take the line off.
So what you want to be careful of is you want to take the the multiplying system off so that it doesn't get caught when you're putting the tension out of the system.
So I'm just going to retrieve that that Veena here and that oughta be there here all right.
So now actually can just leave in there - that's fine.
and what we're going to do is we're going to pull sideways on this one so that it comes up comes off there.
There's not really going to be much tension because the tension is holding on this side so it should be fine so you can.
What you could do is you can just pull it through here and just give it a bit of a talk.
So just make sure you have enough here so that you can untie it here.
So now just want to be careful here.
if there's a lot of tension, you don't want to leave your finger here otherwise you might get hurt.
So I'm just going to release it by just pulling sideways here and here we go.
So that's basically how you put the tension off the system.
The second part of this is how to untie the knot that we've used to put the slack line up on the trees so that's really easy.
There's like a little bit of a like you have the end of the slack line here so you just pull that in I will just untie itself.
They easily.
