All right Youtube.
The this video is an updated version of the old video I made of the Chinchilla Cage where it had all the new pieces in it and I told everybody I'd be making a new piece for it.
The final piece that replaced the plastic and just wanted to do a video of it and another video about the cage.
A few changes that I made here's Mr. Bolt.
One thing I did change out was there used to be a plastic piece right here and removed it.
I brought down the little swing that they've got, brought it to that point and put this in its place.
Now this is what I built.
Now you see they got a little edge where they can go into the box.
That whole box is available for them to get in and as you can see the hole on top they can get to the top part.
Now one thing I did that makes it kind of unique is when you open up the side cage it actually opens up.
There's misty that way.
Makes it a whole lot easier to clean out and close you back up.
Ever since I've built this they have preferred this box over every other area to sleep in.
In fact this is the only place they sleep in now and then again.
this is the swing part.
One thing I did add to all the levels was the fleece.
What is it Bolt?
You want me coming out?
As always.
Again, this is the bottom level.
I have this where they jump up on to get to this level and there was a question about the tube if they're able to fit in it or not and it feels too small.
Uh no it is not too small.
They actually have easy access to it and they can easily get in and out of it.
Nice thing about these guys is they even though they look big, their fur.
their fur is what it's makes them actually that were actually really small.
Okay, and one thing that I had to do over here in this one box.
the Chinchillas every day would take this box and actually almost put it down to the bottom.
for some reason I'm not sure why.
So what I did, I just drilled a small hole in there and actually locked it to the cage so it won't go anywhere now.
it stays in place.
Let's see where you going.
Bolt here now.
Even though I know this is not a common cage people have for chinchillas, I do plan to get a one of those cages one day.
and it's the Ferret Nation.
I think it's the Model 280 I believe it is and I'm going to try to make some unique pieces for it so maybe people will be interested in it.
So, but these are the cages.
These are the updates I made to it and a few little modifications.
All right, that's all.
