Welcome back to my channel!
I'm going to do something a little different today and it's going to be like a little DIY project and we're making it herb garden and for the indoors when we're doing it outside because it's prettier that way.
Alright, let's get started.
So I'm just going to teach you guys how to do this simple herb garden in mason jars.
so it's I found this you know?
um I found this idea on Pinterest So I can't take credit for it.
but I thought it'd be something cool that maybe you guys would like to do at home.
So what you will need?
Okay, you're gonna need some herb cleans course, mason jars, soil cover, potting mix, and of course decorations.
So step one is going to be putting the soil cover into your mason jar.
This is to prevent the rotting of the roots in the soil so the water has somewhere to go down to.
And then step two we're going to go ahead and put in the potting mix into the mason jar.
We do this because there's not enough soil on the plant to fill up the mason jar.
Step three is going head and cutting off the cover plant.
Pretty much confidence.
I Probably didn't need to tell you that, but then I guess the next part would be going ahead and trying to get that fit into the mason jar.
This is a bit of a struggle, but I mean pretty easy in the scope of life.
Yeah, each as you can see is going everywhere, but don't be a predatory answer.
That's what DIY is all about.
All right there.
Go Putting some extra soil in.
Step four is a fun part.
Decorations: I've got this ribbon from Michaels and I also got some slime that I put on the other mason jars.
so I'm just going to go ahead and wrap it around and I'm going to go ahead and cut it off.
Um, yeah, there we go.
I Also got these cute little chalkboards so you see that I'm writing on that I can actually clip on to the mason jar as labels.
I Really like those things and it's as simple as that.
so that's it guys.
Just that simple.
If you like what you see, please subscribe, please like.
and if you want more of these DIY videos I Hope you do lose their fun Oh See you later.
Bye Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop it Right now.
Bad.
Go like this.
What?
I have to do.
It looks cute little.
that thing.
