All right.
So today I'm teaching you guys how to make one of these which is a mask and now we could start it all right.
So we're in a beach ball.
Obviously sometime a bowl paper bowl would actually work best.
but I have ceramics.
so Mod Podge wood glue plug D up wood glue newsprint paper cut into 1-inch strips, duct tape or masking tape and then a paper or foam plate.
I Like using bump lights cuz when they don't get all soggy.
So now I get started.
First thing we do is take the ball and tape it to the surface you're working on to keep it from moving around and we're going to put it so the air holes facing straight down into it so we're going to do is empty the book glue into the palette.
Let me take the mod polish.
Use your teeth if you can't open up a Sarah mine.
add a dash of the Mod Podge to it.
just kind of helps loosen up a bit.
Now you start with your fingers and it feels really gross and icky.
Have you stripped ready to go?
Use your fingers to coat the strip with a light layer of glue.
It is alive.
Strips all the way around.
Oh okay.
so after you've covered your entire beat, roll in two layers of newspaper print strips - this area here which has the arrow, we're going to set it back down to our Bowl and let it sit for about 24 hours.
That's how long it takes for the wood glue to set up and then we go on to the next step which is covering it in a layer of Mod Podge Don't skip this step.
basically makes it smooth, fly it to the top and just spread it around with your hands.
This step will take a few hours to drive and this dries clear smooth.
all that mess is good and dry.
We're gonna let the air out of the beach ball and then we pull the deflated of each fall out and you're gonna do is cut up the opening a bit wider so you can actually your head through it and then we draw all right upside down.
It's not easy.
there we go.
I'm making the Pokemon Piplup which is a pinko.
Pokemon Now that we have our design worked out, we're going to use our exacto knife, cut out the eyes and the beak.
old.
Alright, now that we have these big pieces cut out, we're going to set these aside and go get our fabric.
Now for the fabric we're gonna need one yard likes, One yard of oil glue, a little bit of baby blue, and a little bit of yellow.
You're also gonna need a sheet of black, red and white felt, some black yarn or thread, and a hot glue gun with plenty of glue sticks.
Cut your fabric to fit the pattern you've laid out with the seams down, cut up, and the eye holes.
We do this by Dana Straight line down and then cut it into three sections on your side.
Add a bit of glue to each of these flaps, fold it back and glue it down and glue to the flap, Fold it back and glue it down.
Now we take the pieces that we cut out earlier.
We take one of the idols flops and we cut a bit off to make an edge it a little bit more straight and we're going to use these leftover pieces to make our beak.
Add some glue to the back, pull it around.
it should fit nicely.
Me: I'm starting to come together.
Pet the red felt-tip at the inside of the mouth moving.
slow it down.
Next, we're going to cut that a black belt into two rectangles smooth, uh, behind the eyes.
I Got two round circles out of our white film and then we'll glue these on for the highlight point to the eye.
and finally we're going to glue the yarn across the seams.
This makes them look nice, not stand out as much and now we should be done.
I Like this.
