Hi everyone!
My name is Heather and I'm the person behind happy Puppy truffles today.
I wanted to share with you guys another traditional Origami today.
we're going to make a traditional origami rabbit or balloon rabbit.
For this origami, you just need one piece of origami paper and I'm using a piece of paper that is 15 by 15 centimeters.
What we're going to do first here is starting off with our color side facing down.
I'm just going to fold my paper in half into a big triangle, folding it in half, diagonally, open it up, and fold the other way, too.
We're just doing some preliminary creases so we can collapse everything down into a water bomb base when we're done here.
So with the color side facing up, I can go ahead and fold back here in half, both vertically and horizontally too.
And once you've gotten all those creases, open everything up, fold it in half, kind of pinch on opposite sides here, push in and let everything shimmy around until it lays flat.
We want to get a nice little point there at the top, and then get everything to lay flat here Like so.
So we have a nice triangle with two flaps on each side, and I'm just going to take this first flap and fold straight up.
get a good crease, do both sides when I do this, and this part is going to be like we do sort of for a regular balloon.
I'm just going to take each of these sides and fold towards the center, trying to make a crease that's parallel to the center.
I'll do that for both sides and then we're going to actually secure these by folding it a little differently than the normal traditional balloon.
So I'm just going to take what I have here and fold straight down.
And it's okay.
if it's not even exactly flush with where you are, you want to have a little tiny bit of space there and then I can roll this over to make a crease and then I'm just going to tuck this inside the pocket and this then makes a really complete and secure edge.
I'm just going to do the same steps then on this side.
So again, I'm just going to take this and fold it straight down and it's okay if it's not exactly flush with the side there and just fold this over, get a good crease and then take that tab and fold it and get it to go inside this little pocket that you see that's right here.
A little tricky, but get it started there and we should be able to get that then slid in so we have these nice two smooth surfaces on the side.
Then once that part's finished, we can just flip it over and we're going to make the ears now for our bunny.
So I'm just going to take everything first and fold it straight towards the center.
Do that for both sides so I should have something that looks like this and then what I want to Do is I'm going to take this side here and fold it out and bring a crease where this comes to this point and then creates like a 90 degree angle up here.
I'll do the same thing for this side too.
Open this out and straight out so I have something that looks like this.
Then I'm going to take this part and fold it up and towards the center creating the ear that we'll need here.
a little ear for our bunny.
We'll do that for both sides and then what we have here is the completed balloon and what we can do is if you kind of open it here and look at it from the front, you'll notice there's a little hole here so I'll just blow into that.
and when you do that, you should get a nice little tapered end here for where his tail is and then his cute little face and you can kind of play around with you know, how fat he is or whatever you like to do.
but that is how you make a traditional origami balloon rabbit and I'll have some more fun things to share with you guys in the days to come.
Thanks again Away so much for watching and I'll see you all next time!
Bye.
