Hey guys, back to the next painting and we're finished sanding and the filling so it's time to get ready to put a layer of primer on and then we'll check on some spray putty.
So first thing I'm going to do is mask up the parts that I don't want to paint so obviously in a fuel tank, you're masking up the filler.
So I'm going to do that first and I might put the tank over first and even apply a layer of tape around the edge here so that no spray goes up and under the tank.
So what?
I get into that first [Music] Okay, so the idea now is I can sit this Jesus thing's big I can sit this down and spray all the way around the edges and I won't get any Sun just overspray underneath the tank which I shot with some flat black the other day just to take the blue off there.
So let's go move this out into the painting area and get it set up and ready to go you.
Okay, so we're about ready to hit the tank with four coat of primer now because I'm using an enamel topcoat, I am using an enamel primer and I've set the tank up on this upside down bucket which just allows me to get the paint can down low so that I can get around all the seams all the way around the bottom edge of the tank.
So I've given this a good shake and I'm ready to start applying.
Promise this will be the moment of truth where we see how good our prep work was.
I can see a carpel of tiny marks.
He might tank them hoping the spray putty will fill those up.
If not, I'll have to patch them with a bit more filler and sanding and painting again.
So the things irreparable just takes time and effort.
So excuse me.
So the objective with spray with an aerosol can is to keep the can a constant distance from the surface that you're painting.
and generally that can.
We'll give you some instructions on what distance that would be.
In this case it's 20 to 30 centimetres which is 8 to 12 inches.
So my objective is say that's set up to 8 inches.
So my directive is to keep 8 inches from the surface of all time.
So I'm around the front here I made inches among the corn arm 8 inches if I'm over the top I'm eight inches.
So I'm going to move the can parallel to the surface of the tank, keeping it as even as possible.
If I don't then the thickness of the paint on the surface will vary.
It'll be thicker or thinner.
So if I go further away, if you know I go to closer to be thick.
So I'm trying to keep it constant at all.
Doesn't have to be exactly the distance, but just keep it constant.
So after you do this a few times, you'll get your own rhythm anyway.
So what I'm going to do first is go right around the perimeter and get this seam which is got a little lip as it goes over the tank is it goes into the seam and in my experience if I don't do these first and I'll come back and try and add more paint here.
after I've done all the big surfaces, then I'll put too much paint in here and I'll get a run which I'll have to sand off and it must be a pain.
So I'm going to do all these edges first around the filler and I'm going to come back and just go over the main surfaces and that should blend everything in.
So we're about ready to go so let's get it on now.
Hopefully I you can see that I don't stop the button or press the button down, then start moving.
I'm moving and then I'm pressing down to start the paint and then I'm letting off before I finish moving.
So I'm always moving the can I'm trying to keep the parallel of the surface [Applause] [Music] [Music] Okay first coat of primer on.
So according to the can spray, a minimum of three and life at full coats build up thickness gradually.
Allowing five minutes between coats allow a minimum of one out before sanding.
so I want to give it a couple of coats and then we'll start putting some spray putty on.
So on inspection of the tank, I can still see some scratches from the 80 grit which I haven't gotten out so I'm hoping on we've got to fill those with a spray putty and my spot here that I picked out is definitely noticeable.
so we'll see how we go.
the spray putty if that doesn't fill and sand back then I will mix up some filler and just fill that little area in.
of course a couple of bugs of fun into my paint because the lights that are wrong in the shop here and there's a couple of marks which we'll just see here.
We go with a few coats of spray putty so you know with this stuff you can put three or four four coats on or so.
give it a bit of sanding and just get the high spots down and see if you filled up the low spots.
So we'll give that a go and again both cases like I was going to mix up some filler.
so at this point we're going to just put a couple more coats of primer I've dry for now and then we'll come back and start hitting it with spray putty.
you.
