Other folks that Roylott V-twins to be AIDS I'm back on the pink project so just just to give you where we're at, I primed all my pieces guide coded, even block them all out two times.
So I got really nice surfaces to put my paint job down at.
Walmart So I'm preparing now to get ready for my exterior paint job.
but I do have the inside tunnel of the tank in the inside of my fender that I want to take care of.
same with my rear fenders over here out of the line of the camera.
So what I've done is they it's already been primed with some anti corrosive primer I took a red scuff pad like this I scuff pad at the inside I do have the area in here where where I had welded the brackets of a fender.
so I'm going to put a little seam sealer in there and then these pieces.
I'm going to put some tape and some paper on the outside of them and I'm just gonna flat block the inside of this because my paint job is gonna be black.
but I just want to have this be clean.
I don't really want to get into spending a whole lot of time putting down base coat, clear coat, and everything on the inside of a fender that nobody's ever gonna see.
It just never really made any sense to me.
but I am gonna tape it off and I'm gonna trim block it so it's got a nice, you know, semi-gloss kind of blacked look on the inside.
Same with the inside of my tunnel.
so I'm gonna tape this off I'm gonna get that stuff primed up and then after that setup I'll get things, get my garage prep I'll get my my jigs in here and everything I'll get my defenders and tank mounted and get ready for paint at that point I'll come back on and I'll show you what I've done where I'm at and then we'll I will put the black base coat down.
Okay folks, so here I am with my parts.
What I did was I sprayed the inside of these pieces with some trim black.
It just gives it a satin black finish.
It's nice and quick and easy.
Cleans everything up I'm gonna paint my gloss black on the outside.
This will be not really visible but when you look under there and it'll look very acceptable.
I'm gonna grab the camera I'll show you what's going on.
Yeah this is my Connell and everything here.
This is the inside of my fender.
You can see here where I am where I spread my seam sealer where I did my welding just kind of cleans the air.
This is my back fender here you can see I just kind of blacked out the inside of it.
but now that I have that done I'll let this dry pretty good I'm gonna prep my garage and get my get ready to put all of these items that I'm gonna paint on on fixtures on stands so that I get it painted well once I have that set I'll come back and go through the whole paint process with you.
We'll get some base coat on these today.
Okay so I'm back I've got my my garage has been blown out.
It's all I wet the floor down on all the edges of the walls and nooks and crannies and everything with a hose seal the dust down I Took my bench here I covered it with masking paper on my fixtures that I have my fenders on a couple of those with masking paper I've taken my fenders and got him wall-mounted and everything.
What I did just for a last-minute precaution was I took a red scuff pad and I went quickly over my fenders.
Next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take some compressed air mate in the air hose and I'm gonna blow all of my fixture, my fenders, all the little nooks and crannies.
make sure that that blow out all the dust or maybe even a little bit of water or something that might have been in there.
and I what's Anthon I'm things of that nature so I'll get that all squared away.
then I will do wash it with some pretty cleaner and at that point I'll be pretty much ready to go.
I'll get my gun all set my pink ball set and then we'll put some base to this tape folks.
So I get everything blowing off I washed everything with pre cleanup, looked it over.
really good.
I'm good to go.
So I've got my garage all set what closed up lights are on I'm going to turn the exhaust fan on I've got my gun set up I got my face coat I'll show you everything and give me a little close-up of what I got going on here.
Okay so here's my tank.
I got it set up on this jig and I've done this in the past.
It just kind of works.
So good.
I put it on this 2x4 and then I attach it with screws on one end I just let it sit on the other end.
What I can actually do here is I can take this tank and I can flip it like this so I can actually get my bottom side.
really good if I want to okay and then I can flip it back like that so it's like that.
so kind seesaws back and forth.
So I've got that set up over here I've got my Fender on my jig that I have made here and I got my other fender on this jig I got my my spray gun and I got my base coat.
So I've mixed up my base coat.
this is uh, this is Sherwin Williams dimension.
The mixin mixing ratio is two parts of the base, one part of the reducer.
I'm going to put down two to three medium coats on the on the surface.
I'm going to tap these pieces off.
I'm gonna get my fan gun and get my paint strained into the gun and I Want to put a coat of base on here?
Now the idea is not to try and cope not to cover your piece in one color.
Okay, we've just put an even coat on it.
You've got to be able to see through it.
Don't don't panic.
Look down on you don't want this to flash depending upon your environment.
I Mean worried about seventy-five eighty degrees here, which is pretty much perfect.
I'll let it flash for probably ten to fifteen minutes.
You'll notice it a little matte flat finish.
Once you get that, you know, just keep an eye on when you finish your cup.
when you've finished your the last of your application.
wait 10 15 minutes.
Put another coat on three coats.
You should be covered once you are done or you think you're done with your third coat.
What I would recommend is like that: flash: go around.
Look at all of your edges, bottom sides, undersides, everywhere to make sure you don't have any areas that don't have enough paint because once you put the clear on it, you're done.
Otherwise you start the whole process all over again.
So five or ten minutes so check for any areas that are covered.
Take your gun.
Just dust in those areas.
It's going to make a big difference because it's happened to every painter.
You paint something.
Also, you got a little or something after it's all said and done because he didn't hit it in a certain angle and now you know what is sitting.
It doesn't have enough paint on it and you're screwed.
You gotta sand the whole thing down and paint it again, so don't get caught with that.
Make sure you check your edges.
I'm going to apply this base coat and I'll come back on afterwards and it will.
Talk about clear coat.
