The play line makes slacklining accessible for people of all ages.
In this video, we will explore the unique characteristics of this line and the basics of setting it up Be easy to use.
Setup combined with the Handy arm positioning tool make the play line one of the fastest ways to learn slacklining.
The play line kit comes with a main line, a ratchet tensioner, help line, two pieces of tree protection, and a slack line 101.
DVD The top of the line is coated in rubber graphics to keep feet from slipping.
Both pieces have a reinforced sole and loop on one end to make anchoring your lines simple.
Webbing is designed to minimize line movement and provide a more stable platform for beginners to learn.
The ratchet has an ergonomically crafted handle and release lever coated with soft plastic for streamlined tensioning.
This line is true.
length is 50 feet with an additional 8 foot piece of webbing attached to the ratchet.
True length refers to the length of the main line alone, which is the true usable length that can be walked as opposed to the length of the main line and ratchet webbing combined, which is often how other brands describe length.
This line also comes with a help line which helps teach your body the posture of an expert slack liner.
It works by keeping your arms elevated at a 45 degree angle against the natural beginners tendency to keep them lower.
The included DVD goes in-depth about the basic setup process and the basics of balancing, walking, and tricks.
The setup is simple.
First, make sure to wrap both trees with tree protection to protect your equipment and the tree.
Wrap your line around one tree at knee height.
Now, pull the line tight through the So loop, do the same for the ratchet tensioner on the other side, Roll your mainline out, feed the end of the line through the slit in the ratchet, and pull out all the slack.
Now, ratchet your line to your desired tension, secure the ratchet and lock position, and your setup is complete.
Next, wrap both trees with tree protection high enough so that the help line will be just out of reach of the user.
While standing on the slack line, start with a piece of webbing with the metal d-rings attached.
Wrap the loop end around the tree and pull the rest of the slack through the loop.
Now, grab the larger of the two remaining pieces and do the same thing on the other tree.
Walk the longer line over, thread it through the D-rings and pull it tight.
Grab the arm position trainer on one end, toss over the other end and grab it so your arms form a 45 degree angle above your head.
Lay line is the best choice to quickly and effectively learn how to slackline.
for the beginner visit.
WWN Industries Comm For additional information,
