Laptop Key Calm your source for replacement keyboard keys.
Notice when trying to repair your laptop keyboard keys.
Searching by the laptop brand and model may not always be enough information.
Many times laptop manufacturers produce keyboards that look the same on the outside, however have differences underneath the keys.
The differences include the hinges, retainer, clips, and cup color to help you find the correct tutorial for your key.
We have created a searchable database at Laptop Key Com.
Simply go to Laptop Key Calm.
Select your laptop brand model number and then a visual list of key types will appear.
Select the video tutorial that matches your key.
That's all You're now ready to fix your keyboard, All right.
So let's install your keys onto your keyboard.
Start out by looking at the metal plates that are on the keyboard.
You can see that there's two large hooks at the top and two metal plates that have holes in them at the bottom.
So make sure to look at the different keys because sometimes those can change position.
Sometimes the two larger hooks can be at the bottom, at the left or the right.
So the position of those pieces is going to determine the position of the plastic pieces that we have here.
Now what we're going to do is click these two pieces together so they can make one piece and start out by determining the position of the larger piece.
Which is this.
You can see that at the bottom it has two sticks and at the top it has two square-looking sticks.
Those two top ones are going to go wherever.
the two large hooks are on the keyboarding this case they're up So we're going to put those square sticks that are on the plastic up.
Also make sure not to put this whole piece upside down like that by feeling underneath the side bars.
If you feel a bump that has to face the keyboard on top it's just smooth.
So now that you know the position for that piece put it down for now in the right position get your next piece Which is this what you want to do is determine the position for this piece so you can see that at the bottom it has two thick those sticks are pointing out that's the ones that are going to go into the the holes here that at the bottom the metal plates that have holes the sides.
The middle stick though they're going to go.
They're going to click into the large plastic piece that we put down the side for now and make sure not to put this whole piece upside down like that.
by looking at this piece the bottom half has like it's thinner so you can feel it kind of going down.
If you feel along the whole piece here you can see that the bottom has it's like it's going down.
If you were to flip it it's just one smooth piece so the smooth even part faces the keyboard and the bumpy side here faces up.
Now you know the position of the both pieces.
What you want to do is put the small piece underneath the larger piece and insert the top half right through the larger piece.
Like that.
Now you want to do is open up the side bars of the small of the larger piece that way.
So that's the fix.
That in the small piece can go into the holes that are in the larger piece so let's just separate them a little bit.
Okay, you got one side in now do the same with the other side.
just separated.
Okay now both pieces are one piece.
What do you want to do is insert the top holes.
You know it was top hook in this case there at the top, but if they change position, you just want to insert this the six on the larger piece wherever the two large hooks are And to insist those you have to keep the whole plastic piece kind of flat, not very horizontal.
Okay, once you have that, you get like a thin object.
I Use a blade.
What do you want to do is push down on the corners the bottom corners so that the sticks can go insert it into the holes the plastic of the metal pieces there to one side.
First we'll see how that side you can hold on to the the top and do the other side.
You want to hold on to the top just for keeping the whole piece.
You know stable.
So now you want to do is put your key right in the middle and push down evenly and that's all.
Laptop Key: Calm your source for replacement keyboard keys.
You.
