Ha ha ha, don't eat me.
Hello My name is Karina Bono I'm a professional puppet and prop maker and today I'm going to show you how to make a turkey mouth to make our turkey mask.
You need some red paper, yellow paper, gray paper, a black marker pen.
Pritt stick some scissors, sellotape string, and a paper plate.
Our first step is to take our paper plate and draw where our eye holes are going to be.
so roughly central, nice and big.
Then we're going to change the shape of our plates to something a little bit more bird-like So I'm just going to draw around, make a bit more of a oblong shape of our circle and cut that away.
So with my scissors, I'm going to pierce my paper plate and cut away these eye holes once my eye holes are cut out.
I Just go around the head shape and cut that away.
Now before I cut any more of my plate.
I'm going to make my beak and stick that on.
So next step is making our beak using our yellow bit of paper, roll it into a cone shape and apply.
Pritt stick along that outer edge.
Once that is glued down, just fold it flat and cut away at the back so you'll be left with a nice cone.
Now to attach our cone to our bird's face, we need to chop along the back like this, creating some flaps and what we'll do with these flaps is just bend them forwards so that we can attach our beak to the plate.
I'm going to cut away at this lower edge as well just to give us a bit more room and sticking it down so we should be left with something that looks like this.
Okay, and now using some pretty stick.
I'm going to coat these flaps all the way along.
stick my beak onto my plate.
Now, don't worry about where these flaps are positioned for now, because all of them are going to get covered with some red paper in a minute now that my beak is stuck on.
I'm going to cut away at my birds plate face just to reveal a little bit more of that turkey face.
So I'm going to take my scissors and just cut away toward the beak.
And there we go.
So now, I'm going to show you the next step: Take your red paper, fold it in half, and out of these, we're going to produce two matching, weird, gobbley things that hang off the turkeys face.
So I cut along in these teardrop ish tongue shapes, and I'm going to stick these either side of my turkeys face.
And now I'm going to use some other red pieces to go under the turkeys eyes and cover up these weak flaps.
So using the print stick, I'm just going to stick these down and again, it doesn't matter too much what these shapes look like, just as long as they're helping us disguise our joins.
So taking a piece of gray paper, I fold it over a few times and this is just so that I can get as many feathers out of it as possible.
And now I'm going to cut a feather shape out of my paper once I've got that shape out I'm going to feather my my shape so taking the scissors just snip along.
Now remember not to cut too far across because you're going to have to do it also on the other side great.
And now with these feather shapes, what you can do is roll them on your marker and that will give them a nice curl and a bit of movement.
So once you've curled up all your feathers, you're ready to stick them on to your turkey.
So starting from the back place, your feathers use a bit more.
Pritt stick just to get the next layer down.
Now you want to work in from the outside toward the center.
One more feather.
Great!
Just closed down a little bit more and now I'm just going to go into my mask with a bit of black marker to give it some detail.
and I'm going to do two nostrils either side to finish off your turkey mask.
just pop some string on the back so that you can wear it and you do this by using a stapler.
Pop the string near to where the eye holes are and just pop about three staples in there to secure it down.
Repeat this step on the other side and use a little bit of masking tape just to keep those staples safe and secure near your face.
Once you've got your string attached, just fit it to your head and pop and not into your string and then your turkey mask will be ready to wear.
or I'll gobble gobble.
And that is how you make a turkey mask.
