Everyone!
We're going to cut some spray moderns now today.
I'm gonna be painting this motorcycle to be left in the weather.
We've had some bush fires - has come down and completely ruined that paint.
so I need to strip it all back and start from scratch.
I'm going to use some paint stripper.
get it all that old paint, use some it's primer and primer and then I'll be ready for my color scheme.
So I'm here.
First going to do is start pulling it apart from government.
Okay now I'll even strip the paint off these parts.
I've got a metal tank and some other plastic parts, so that means for the metal tank.
I Can use a normal automotive paint stripper for the plastic parts I Need to use a a paint stripper that's suitable for plastic.
This paint stripper will rip the paint off, but it won't affect the plastic parts and it's perfect for bumper bars or plastic black part anything like that.
But I'll just need to strip this paint off because it's pretty much infected.
The clear coat, the color, and the primer.
It's been infected and it's anything that's going to go on top of that.
It's just going to crack or get damaged again because that base isn't in good condition.
So if you've got a car or panels that have sun damage, cracked color, cracked, clear coat, really in a pain, strip it all off so that your new paint on top will last long time.
Hey before.
I Slap paint stripping I Like to sand it with some 80 grit sandpaper first that allows the hamster, but it really bought into the paint and do its job.
So I'm going to handle these parts with some a degree of dry sandpaper, then apply that paint stripper on.
Like I said before.
I'm going to be using a plastic paint stripper that's not gonna affect my plastic is going to rip that paint off.
When using paint stripper, you want to apply it really thick.
that's going to allow to penetrate that that paint really well and allow that pain to just strip off as easy as possible.
Once you can see that the paint stripper has done its job, you can use a metal paint scraper or you can use some Scotch Brite pads to give it a little extra help and remove the rest of that paint.
If all the paint hasn't come off the first time of using paint stripper, you can give it another go just to get that excess paint off there and just keep going until it's all off the product that you want stripped.
Okay so I Paint strip the whole tank, there's no more pain left on it.
Just got a bare metal tank now because I did use paint stripper on it I need to clean it with water and then clean it with a metal conditioner or rust converter.
Something that's going to get rid of all about painting stripper residue before.
I put my primer on.
otherwise the paint stripper is still in that metal stuck to that metal somehow and it's going to come through the primer.
That's going to cause problems and we don't want that.
So I'm going to clean it with water, rust converter, water again, sand it back, some grease remover.
but I'm ready for my primer.
Okay now, I'm going to spray my epoxy primer so it basically you can go onto bare metal and it gives a nice fill as well.
So two or three coats of this and I'll be ready to start standing after dries.
So yeah, Daddy's 2 mil spray gun and I've prepared my metal tank so it shouldn't be too hard.
Let's mix it up.
As always, when it comes to primer, apply three / wait 10-15 minutes to encode for the plastic part.
I'm going to use a plastic fiber build primer goes on bare plastic and I just need a sander with some 800 grit wet sandpaper.
Then I can start painting.
Well, There you go.
That's how you pay, strip metal and paint your plastic and it's always important to keep your painterly metal.
Make sure you treat that metal before you start applying your primer.
I Used a rust converter.
You can use a metal conditioner.
Definitely if you paint stripping, you need to treat that metal.
Otherwise, papers are can stick your arm up and you can just peel off and you get problems later on.
Yeah, so once you've got that, you need panels all in bare metal.
it's time to put.
your primer is an epoxy primer but you can also use a either a 1-page primer, a 2k edge primer or you can use the all you need from err.
Basically you want to just think about what topcoat you're going to use.
If you using 1k products for your topcoat, use 1kh primer using 2k products, use a 2k Brahma and should be right?
So um yeah I've got this all primed and put into the boot and do.
my top goes alright.
So I decided to paint my whole black, the track, race bearings and everything not just the tank in there and the plastic parts.
So I'm going to paint it in a fluoro color which was suggested by someone on my last video and I picked the color scheme from the NGM Forward Racing Team Colors Moto Gp.
So I thought I'll give this color scheme ago and I'm here I'm up at now crazy little with wax and grease remover I'm about to spray some 2k transparent sealer on it which is going to help the new paint stick and then I'll be ready to start my color scheme so let's do it next time.
on custom three mugs you.
