Hello everybody and welcome back to another video!
So today I'll be showing you all how to make class time without any fake snow and this recipe is really, really simple.
You can literally get all these ingredients from Dollar Tree like ingredient similar to these.
So yeah, it's really simple and affordable recipe.
so let's just go first.
you'll need a bowl and something to mix with.
You also need some glue.
It doesn't matter if you use white glue or clear glue, just some glue.
So I'm using some lotion just to make my son softer, but you'll have to do this.
And also I'm going to be adding some food coloring.
but like once again, you don't have to do this.
you'll need a slime activator.
and I didn't using 1 tablespoon of borax mixed with 1 cup of water.
So the alternative for unfixed I'm using some diapers and one diaper makes a lot of takes.
No so beyond your lot and it got this from Dollar Tree and I Just notice that there's anything since there that's really cool.
just like to need diapers.
So first you are going to be putting the desired amount of glue into your bowl and this is a basic slime recipe.
The only difference is that you're adding a bit more activator than you usually do and then after it's hat, you're going to add in some of your food coloring or lotion and this step is totally optional.
You can choose to skip it or not and once you've done that, then you're going to add in some of your activator.
and once again, but in more than you usually would to over activate it.
Alright so I am now done over activating my side and by over activating I mean like adding too much activator so it's not super stretchy, it rips apart pretty easy, but it's time.
just felt anyway.
So yeah I am done doing that.
So now I'm gonna like set it aside I'm going to put it right there and now we're gonna take your bowl again and fill it up.
now.
have a bowl of water you need about that much in you like a nice mountain water just soak your whole diaper in.
So I'm gonna open once I said oh here it is.
you're just gonna go ahead and open it up I don't even know to work diapers.
Whoa!
this is big.
okay maybe I do need a bigger bowl for this I might need a bigger bowl for this but usually need to get a bigger one anyway.
So now you're just gonna pop it into your water and I guess I'm gonna like I'm not sure what I'm going to do there's pop it into your water and then make sure like all the areas are soaked and everything and just leave it there to soak for a bit.
it is all done.
You're gonna go take your scissors I feel like I should probably wet it some more but I don't feel like any more water so you're gonna take your scissors and then they're just gonna cut open the diaper so take like this upper sort of like layer just kind of hard to show.
You guys take just like upper area and make a snip in it and start cutting.
just want to sleep I keep on trying it until you see our Vista okay this is what you will need for the axle.
yeah this was I can't speak properly.
this is what you'll need for the fake snow.
so there are some like tiny like paper parts and you do not want that you're gonna throw that out but the other parts you want.
So I'm gonna go ahead and just pump it all in pulling out into my bowl.
Okay so I think I am done and getting it all out.
So here's all the fake snow I got I actually got a lot so I'm going to make a bit more time off-camera that's because I don't think I got enough for the amount of you know fix.
No I got but make sure you don't want any of this like paper stuff I don't know if you can see if it's like wet paper you do not want that stuff in your slice.
Let's go ahead and do it out.
you just want like the regular I don't even know what this stuff is but yeah so just sort it out and then I'm gonna make a bit more slime and then we're gonna put here.
So beer.
Okay so I have made a bit more slime and you can see I didn't mix it very well because it's kind of hard to mix.
you know, pretty hard slime together anyway.
so now is the moment of truth.
so I'm gonna go ahead and I guess just pop it in there.
Okay so now just gonna mix it around, try to make it all stick I feel so weird I feel like I shouldn't be playing with this stuff but I mean it's okay.
I'm just gonna play with it cuz why not?
So just go ahead and mix it and I'll be back once I'm done making my class on and this did make a bit of a mess but so yeah, just make sure to do it over like a surface that you can easily clean up.
but anyways here it is and just took forever to mix in and um just a little like mixing.
tip I guess I would like grab it and I'll twist it I'll just like speed up the mixing process.
so yeah I'll just do that anyway.
so here it is all done I love it so so much and it did get this a bit sticky.
Want to zoom in because you're in the diaper stuff.
did have a bit of water in it so just add some activator.
and also if you are experiencing so much fallout as I am right now like some of the diaper stuff is falling, I'll just add a bit more I'm fine into it and then it should fix it.
So this slime is heavenly I love it so much.
it's exactly like last line um and also it made a lot of slime like this is my hand.
My hands by the way is pretty big I'm like it's a big big fun.
A lot fun huh?
And if you're wondering, are you sized for diapers I don't know size for diapers is big or not but that's the size I used and you can't get this firm and I like from the Dollar Tree like a 5 I can't even speak I'm not surprised the high impact from Dollar Tree and one diaper makes you this much slime this much class line.
it's insane I'm not sure this is in focus cuz right now just like bedding down and I don't see my camera now but it's absolutely amazing.
Well this time so much but yeah I Hope you guys enjoyed this recipe and this video.
sorry if you hear that, can always ask my parents I'm talking but I love so much if you like this recipe or not and if you did, please hit that sign like bun define subscribe and comment and review session time.
Once again if this recipe worked for you and how you like this on cuz it's amazing but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video and I guess I'll see you all later Bye [Music]
