Hello Today!
I'm going to show you how to make a paper box more paper water.
Bob So here it is.
First you grab your top right corner, bring it down to your left button and then your top left down to your right bottom.
Then I'm salt that so I can ex in the middle of your paper you fold, you grab the top edge and fold it down and got this side edge and bring it to the other side edge so it's like a small square.
Then I'm told the whole thing and now you should be able to turn it around just a bit and then you grab that and it will fold down to the center.
so make that so like that so you can just push back on it and then you can flatten it down.
It should look like that cuz when you when you bring that out it goes down and then you fold back in the first down and then this one you put your fingers bladder crisis there and then once you leave it down like that on the inside you should be able to press down and then squish down and then breath that it falls it over.
Okay so grab one flap of this and bring it all the way up to the top to lineup that still at the other side too.
right?
what then and you should have a lady's little wings pointing out.
turn the model over and grab one this edge.
hurry up, do the same thing like you get on the outside.
Now you grab this edge and pull it in so it's in line with the center crease so it looks like that.
Then you grab that point, bring it into the center line and place me do the same on the other side.
At the point, put it into neck.
grab 2.3 internment.
As you can see, there's a little pocket in there.
You want to grab this flappy bit and stick it inside this pocket.
like that in there.
See that pocket?
That pocket do you have that got that little flap?
Got that flap and stick that dad.
Ok, that flattened down and then there should be tough to turn it over and you should have smooth do exactly the same thing that you get on the other side.
Push in, fighting down.
open up the pocket like that.
Grab this stick in any time.
Today you've done it.
See how you turn the model over?
you see there's like a little hole there right there.
You put your mouth against it and blowed up with there and that's your finishing look.
So that is how to make a water bomb.
A bomb.
whatever you want to call it.
Thanks for watching.
