Hello today!
I'm going to show you how to take off the tank pad or any sticky residue that we left on the tank when you were moving.
well.
she could have heat gun and the most important thing is you could have heat it up enough so the glue will come off easily at the same times.
Don't forget the dumb direct the heat at the same look place.
I was all damage to paint so he was good.
You have to constantly move around, otherwise it's not that measured of paint you.
So now you see, the tank pad has been removed.
There's a layer of glue adhesive residue left on the unplanned tank.
So now I'm going to show you how to remove that.
Okay, to remove this sticky residue, you gonna need some Wd-40 and re microfiber cloth or a soft cloth and then dust.
I Wouldn't spread the wrapping on to it, surround her up soft and then work in a discreet area.
First she just melts away.
This is a safest way to remove adhesive from paint.
He's a closer the recipe.
it just melts away with.
The Wd-40 should never happen.
Rub it in so much food, rub it in too much.
you could scratch or damage the paint.
Just apply the Wd-40 liberally.
They should come off you.
There are solvents that people say you can use like no polish remover.
Don't use nail polish remover because it contains acetone.
Some of your nail polish remover contains acetone and acetone will react with some certain type of plastic and it could melt the plastic and damage the paint of course.
So dinner obviously I use spinner as well.
You can maybe try rubbing alcohol isopropyl alcohol, but I think that maybe 40 works the best.
It's all gone I'll be bad.
We got to clean this up now.
I've got a clean cloth and I'm gonna clean up the Wd-40 residue.
so I have a instant detailer.
It can be any brand I Use Mother it was on special when I bought it I Had this for almost six months and usually I just use this to wipe down the badness.
Burley Dirty see that our hips to make sure that the baby food is completely gone.
So I noticed that there's a little scratch on this graphics because previously the tank pad was in stores just below this graphics and I would have been scratched by my zipper on the jacket I don't know but I'm gonna one is sort of new one I'm going to try and cover her up in the store the slightly higher.
it's not a deep scratch, it's just a mark.
Okay, so I've cleaned it as much as possible and you listen to clean but just I want to make sure there's absolutely no oil.
nothing is left over.
So I have a methylated screw in the spray bottle and I'm just gonna fill this right and wipe it down with clean cloth.
