Hey guys, what's up?
It's the Chinchilla Notebook here and this week's video is going to be a Chinchilla Cage tour and so Merlin lives in a double unit two Critter Nation cage I think I said that right?
So these are the dimensions and he has a Model 162 I got this cage off Amazon for 170s so that was a really good deal.
Okay, so let's just get right into the first level.
So here's Merlin's water bottle.
I got it from Petsmart for $14 and it's glass which is great so it's not plastic so we can't chew it and it was kind of expensive I guess but it's glass so it does its job and it's really big so it holds a lot of water.
So inside here is some ledges that I made Merlin and I actually have four total in the top level.
So this one this one and then there's the other two and actually this wood I got from Home Depot wasn't safe for Chinchillas so this is actually a loose ledge I have to tighten them like this one isn't loose but that one isn't either but this one is so I just had to tighten it and I actually got the wood from Home Depot but it wasn't safe for chinchillas and I didn't know that so I had to cover them with fleece but it works pretty good.
So yeah, so he has fleece in his top level and this is what works best for me.
So I just washed it once a week and it's kind of dirty.
sorry about that I couldn't it.
But anyway.
So I had this rock in his cage I think it just adds more natural touch to it and he loves lying in it when he's hot so that's good and then he I made him a little pate pillow sorry pillow.
he's actually not little but he loves it to cuddle with it and it's pretty big and I just stuffed it with fleece and this is a ramp that I just put up here so you can jump off and he likes that and then this is his food ball I got it from Amazon for $6 and it's really nice.
it's metal I just have a ceramic one but he used to tip it all the time.
so I got this one and when it's empty what he does is he bumps it out with his head when he's hungry like I don't know sometimes I'm a few minutes late, chill his schedule and he bumps it out anyway.
So the hut that he's on right is from Amazon for $6 and I'm not gonna show you but the calf goes up and I really hate that but it's a pretty good huh?
I mean it was really cheap and he can chew it pretty good and he's on it right now.
So and then over here in this corner is just a kind of like a reptile toy thing I just again keep that there for the more natural feel and he doesn't chew it which is nice.
and then up here is a hable that came with my old Chinchillas cage.
so I still have it and it just has his hey that I refilled today and so up here is another toy from Amazon and I got two of them for four dollars and this one is currently up there and it has a little bell which I like and it's just so cute.
He loves to chew it and then back there is a thing I got for him for his get a gift from a friend and I just keep it up there for decoration which she doesn't touch own.
he got scared so that is it for the top level of his cage and I still need to add a lot of chew toys in.
but here's the bottom level and I'm just gonna open it up.
Over here is the homemade wheel that my dad actually made him and he did so up.
here's 2x4 and he did chew it a little bit in the beginning as you can see here but he stopped chewing it and that's why I still keep it in there I used to cover it with fleece but now I don't and this just runs really smoothly.
It was a lot cheaper than a chin spin I mean it works really well.
He runs very fast on it.
there's like a wheel back there that rotates it and then so this is a little Hut that I got from Petco I think it was a tunnel for $4 You can't really fit in it but he chews it and he goes on top of it and then back there is the first ever Huh?
I ever bought from Merlin it was like a housewarming gift out and a welcome home gift when we first got him and he chewed a lot out of the entrance.
and so this is just a floppy fleece tied pillow that I made for him because he loves his pillows and I I actually put tile down here for the summer is when I put the tile in here and also because that thing is there and I can't really move fire fleece but he likes it and it keeps him cool and it's really easy to clean.
He doesn't pee down here back, there is an open space but he doesn't go back there and I'm pretty sure I'll fill it up with another piece.
Taiyo So this is the only little ledge of fleece and it's kind of dirty you good with his fur everywhere.
but back here is just from the rest of the wood remnants that I had from those ledges I just glued them together and cover it with fleece.
Over here is a ramp and a little purple ball to toy that I don't know what's doing there but anyway, so that's that and then down here is a little bit storage.
here.
is it bin from Walmart that was $5 and it just holds his hay.
and then over here is a little sweeping thing I got from DJ Maxx for $6 to sweep up his fleece.
Over here's a bin for $1 from Walmart just keeps his food in there.
That's pretty much everything that's down there.
Over here is a another storage thing.
This has weekly fleece treats and supplements.
an extra fleece so there's just some ramp covers and hay bags, some treats and hate cubes in there.
and then up here is just the fleece that I change weekly for him that's already cleaned and then over here I have another cabinet of stuff and here is just my directions to clean the Chinchilla cage and my daily directions just in case.
I leave and the person that I leave to take care of hims confused and then here.
I just have some extra chew toys, water bottles HUD's food.
Basically that summer lives in the laundry and it is kind of dirty right now so I apologize for that but he really likes sitting here and back here is a whiteboard that you know has all that kind of Chinchilla stuff on it.
but currently there's a lot of junk everywhere and on top of his Hut and every on top of his cage don't his hat.
But yeah, so that's Merlin's Chinchilla Cage tour I Hope you guys enjoyed it and I'm going to fill it with more chew toys soon.
So I'll see you guys next week.
