Hi there Mamas today!
I'm going to show you how to thread a do-it-yourself mesh water sling.
So I have here my sling rings from sling ring com in Nylon size small and I chose nylon because it will be a little bit more grippy that's something like aluminum and also I'm gonna have to run the risk of rust and I chose a size small because the mesh is a nice thin fabric with lots of slip and give.
So we want to choose the smallest size for safety and security.
So we're going to start out with one of the thinner ends of your sling and the first thing you want to do is fold it in an accordion pleat style here and what this does is when we feed the mesh through the sling rings.
it's just going to make it easier to spread the fabric out evenly and it will be easier for you find the sides to adjust your sling so you have it folded in an accordion style.
Okay, so take both rings and bring the end of the sling up through both.
Now I'm going to pull the bottom one out, move it over here that's easier to see.
So I'm pulling the bottom one out and I'm going to put the accordion fold back through the bottom one so that now it goes up through both and then down again through the bottom and then I'm gonna pull through a good you know, foot and a half to two feet and this is the part that's going to go up on my shoulder now.
I'm gonna turn this around and trying to make sure that I keep my sling stray and don't twist it.
Bring up the other thin end and start the same way by folding it pleated like an accordion.
Okay, and then I want to turn those rings over so that this part that we pulled through is on the inside.
Bring the pleated part up through both rings again and in.
Once again, pull out the bottom ring and put the pleated part down through the bottom ring.
So I've gone up through both rings and down again through only the bottom.
Okay, now my sling is threaded and ready to use.
So when I want to put baby in it, I'm gonna put it on to my shoulder whichever shoulder.
I'm more comfortable with being the top and this is going to be my baby for today because my toddler is asleep this early.
Works best with smaller babies anyway.
So like four to eight months is probably the best time to use a sling like this.
They get much bigger and they might not want to be in it.
so I'm going to take the baby, place it on the opposite shoulder.
I'm gonna put both of her legs through and then create a little seat around her bottom and the room side of the sling that's further from the baby.
If I pull on that, it will tighten the bottom part that's going under both legs.
so I'll pull that to get a nice tight little seat and then pull the other side to tighten up the part that's behind her best.
So just get that nice and snug.
so the baby is kind of in a seated position against your your belly and your chest and there's a nice little fabric seat under her bottom to support her.
So worried about safety, make sure that you've got this tightened nice and nice and firmly that you have enough fabric spread under the baby's bottom.
I Know if there wiggly?
that can be difficult.
The first couple times they may protest, but usually babies get used to being born in a new carrier pretty quickly, so just a couple times of practice will teach them that if they just hold still for a minute then mommy will put them on and they'll be nice and comfortable.
So now I can go into the water pulling my baby clothes by me, keeping her warm with my body heat and also just making sure that she is safe and protected while my older ones run around and play and splash in the kid pool.
