Hey guys, this videos going to be about painting a motorcycle gas tank this tanks off of the 1972 Honda CB 350.
First thing we need to do is strip off the existing paint.
to do that.
We're going to use a normal paint strip or you can get at any Home Depot or Lowe's be careful with it, you don't want to get it on your skin, it'll burn but just be careful these gloves and you should be good.
So we're going to paint, brush and put the paint stripper in a container and then just brush it on and it'll take a little while for it to work, but it'll be pretty obvious once it does because the paint will start to lift up off the metal.
We're going to continue to do this until the entire tank is covered in paint stripper and then wait about five to 10 minutes.
As you can see After not a whole lot of time, the paint starts to lift up pretty quickly.
At this point you're going to want to get a paint scraper or anything with a flat edge and just start to remove some of this loose paint.
and now we just want to continue this process of applying the paint stripper and stripping off loose paint until all the paint's removed.
At this point, we've removed all the paint off of the tank and we're going to get some sandpaper.
I Want to get medium to fine grit sandpaper and just sand the whole surface to prepare it for paint.
It'll just rough it up a little bit to the panel, adhere better and just even out the whole surface.
Once you sanded it down, you want to wipe off the what comes up when you're sand.
make sure that doesn't get caught in the paint when you go to paint.
So just go over thoroughly and you might want to even get a compressed air and blow out all the different areas just to make sure you get all that.
That's not dust, but it looks like dust up so it doesn't get stuck in the paint.
That would be counterproductive to sanding.
so make sure you go over it a few times, blow it out with some air, and then after that, we should be ready to paint.
So we're going to start off with a primer.
As you can see here, you definitely wanna start off with a layer primer just to help the next layers of paint stick better and just better.
Overall, Now we're ready to put on the next coat.
All right.
So now we're ready to put on our first layer of paint.
We're going to paint it red so see how it goes.
So we finished our first layer and we're going to wait about ten minutes.
then we'll put on another layer.
Alright, so now we're going to put on our next layer of paint.
Once we've applied the number of coats that we want to paint, we're going to use a acrylic, clear coat enamel just to help protect the paint and just makes everything look better.
