Hey guys, and welcome back to the TC games!
Daily Origami series In this tutorial, I'm going to show you how to make this simple Pikachu which is made using the origami balloon.
Okay, so to make this, you're going to need a square sheet of paper and preferably a red and black pen to draw the face in.
Now we're going to start with the color side facing down.
So turn it over to the side and fold it so that the top edge aligns with the side edge.
This is going to put in a diagonal crease going this way, and once you have that aligned, go ahead and crease that in nicely all the way through.
Like, so unfold it.
Now we're going to fold it so that the top edge aligns with the right edge.
Once you have properly aligned, go ahead and crease it into place, unfold it.
Now, fold it so that the top edge aligns with the bottom edge, crease it in once you have it aligned, and finally fold it so that this edge aligns with this edge, and then crease that in like this, unfold it and unfold the entire model.
Now, flip it back to the color side and we're going to go ahead and draw some eyes one right over here and put one on this side as well.
and you want to put in a small nose right there.
and you can also put in a little mouth.
And I can take the red pen and just go ahead and draw two circles one over here and one approximately over here.
and then go ahead and just fill that in like that.
And finally you can go up here where the ears are gonna be and just make a little square like that and then go ahead and fill that in.
do the same thing on this side.
Okay, so now let's begin.
So what we're going to do is we're going to start by turning it so that the color side is facing down and we're going to fold it along the center crease right there.
So fold it down so you get a shape like this.
Now we're going to fold it along this crease that stands straight up like So then go ahead and just open that out and if you squash it down along this edge, you should squash into a little triangular shape like So flip the model over, do the same thing here.
so lift this up so that it's standing straight, open it out, and squash it down until you get a nice triangular shape Like So, and what we're going to do is we're going to take these two flaps here because both the ears are on the side and we're going to open it up this way and do the same thing here.
Open these two out and the idea is to get these two colored parts on the same face like this.
So if it was like this, just go ahead and open it up and we're going to start by turning it so that this flat side faces us.
Now, fold it so that this tip comes up and meets this tip up here.
Crease it in.
Once you have it aligned, do the same thing on this side, bring it all the way up, and once it's properly aligned, go ahead and crease that into place.
Flip the model over, do the same thing of this chip.
Bring it to the top tip here, press it in, and do the same thing on the side.
Bring it up.
once it's lined, crease it in.
Now, we're going to go to this tip here, and we're going to bring this tip to the center.
So fold this tip in to the center, crease it, and do the same thing on the set here.
fold this tip to the center, crease that in.
Now, take this flap here and you want to fold it so that this edge aligns with this edge.
Just fold it down like that and that's going to create a little triangle up here.
and at this point, if you'll notice here, there's a pocket over here and you won't take this triangular piece here and just tuck that in right into that pocket like so, and just force it in as far as it'll go, and then press everything into place.
do the same thing on this side.
So once again, take this flat, fold it so that this edge aligns with this edge like this, and tuck this into this opening here and just allow that to go in all the way, then press it into place, Flip them all over.
Now we're going to fold this tip to the center like we did on the other side.
You sit in, do the same thing on this side.
This time, we're going to do something a little bit different.
What we're going to do is we're going to take this flap where the ears and we're going to fold it against this edge.
So just allow it to fold out like that.
Do the same thing here.
so allowed to fold out all the way, and now all that's left to do is just hold this nice and tight.
So take these apart and you might want to hold the top part in place because there's nothing securing it like there is down here.
Hold these two together and then blow into this part here and you should have your finished.
Pikachu So that's all there's to it.
Thanks for watching guys!
If you liked the video, don't forget to rate and subscribe and I'll see you next time.
