Here we have MSI Gaming Ge70 17 inch laptop.
We're going to open up and explore the inside as you know.
to start off, always have something soft to put the laptop on so you don't scratch it when you move it around.
Now we're going to fit to the back.
and first we're going to remove the battery which everyone should know how to remove.
So you pull apart the two sides, put your finger in the hole, lift it up and it comes out.
Now we're going to remove the backplate.
There's free fruit holding the back cover down.
If you look at the holes, there's actually more than three.
There should be five.
That other two are the keyboard hole screws which you don't need to remove to ruin the back cover if you want.
You can just remove it just in case if you don't understand it.
So there's a little tab holder said there's a little gap here.
has an error if we thing in and you've used it up and you read the back cover like that.
So that's a hard drive.
That's the RAM that's my solder.
That's the bias card that's a CPU that's a graphic card that's plan to call it.
So now we're going to remove the DJ.
There's one screw according to DB.
Drive down.
Just pull out the DB.
Drive up the screw to remove and it comes off pretty easily.
So now we're going to route the hard drive.
It's two screws holding the car drop down.
There's a plastic tab for you to pull the hydro.
It's normally talk on them so you have to pull them to drop slightly to remove the hard drive.
So we're going to reroute them.
End up to sorry instead of harder.
This weird one screw and it tilt up.
But the RAM I'm just going to put it back as um, you need to remove it You now I'm going to remove the round.
Just pull the two sides apart and round pops up.
Now there's this is the keyboard.
Screw This tool.
If you look at the back cover, it has a keyboard side next to the screw hole.
You need to remove these two screws.
If you want to remove the keyboard, You now we're going to keep the left foot up.
So on top of the keyboard there's a sticker.
There's skill series.
What am I looking at, You're going to have to remove that.
Try not to do it here as I'm It's just to get its piece of sticky tape.
If you do it, you can have to put it back to one stick properly.
Now we remove those eye screws underneath.
You need to remove these five screws to remove the keyboard.
Now that we read the five screws, the keyboard just tilts up.
You just pull it up and then it comes up.
Don't you get up too high as I'm There are cables underneath.
there are two.
only one is act like cable and one keyboard cable.
You can see that but hardly where there's a cable on the other side of the computer.
We're going to have to get the back over to remove it.
These two brown things in the corner.
You just push it away from you and release the cable.
How about the big one?
senior?
Push the black tap board and it released keyboard and that's it.
This is relatively pretty easy.
There's not much screws holding the whole thing down to keyboard screws to free back backplate, back cover screws, and that's basically the recipe is to hard drive screws or whatever you wish to remove.
But that's basically thanks for watching.
