On all four sides that are flat like that.
So then you fold those to the side so there's the little flap little flap and then third base ish like thing right there and then you flip it over and of course you are rough you.
so once you repeat it all those each side so you look like this on one side, this is another side, this on the other side to the four corners of the frog.
one thing thing then and then if you flip open those it should look like this there there there there.
but you want the like weird looking triangle things, let these ones on Bob want to have the triangle things on top and then um you will notice that there are four leg like things on the bottom so you want to take the ones that are on top and take one right there and you again you open it up and then you fold it up and then squash it down up high like that and then you do it again.
It looks like that every year, almost looks like a flower.
Um then you take one and make it go down like that and then you do it again and you make it go up like that and then you do that again with the other side.
so down again and then up again.
these are the front legs I'm going to use a simple a similar technique on the hind legs by lifting but this time not nearly as high and then should look like that.
Then you do it again to the other side so looks like that you're doing a split and then I fold this one's down I almost a 90-degree angle like that and then back up like so and then you want to repeat that with the other side.
so again 90 degree angle and then I'll back up.
So there you go.
Your frog is almost complete.
So if you just want to keep it like that, you just fold it in so that the front legs go together looks like he's sitting dog over them and then you release it and it makes it stands almost like a stink bug.
VP So looks like that.
But then if you want to make it the joke hence the balloon frog.
this is extremely embarrassing.
If you don't want to be like um weird should I say so there's your frog now the body blows up.
If you want to give this this is completely optional.
Took me a while to figure out how to do this.
They then show me as a whole between these legs down there.
see you blow into it is extremely gross but it's cool.
say it makes you for all the big blows up now to time and then you just you can just squash it right back down and add wolof.
It is back to normal except as nervous as if it is formed.
So how to do this joke?
You walk up to somebody that'll be your preferably your friends so they don't make fun of you.
It's like hey buddy, check this out my wife.
Most people do if they don't laugh.
I would suggest getting in getting new friends that laughs at funny jokes or they just don't like the joke if they just don't like the joke.
I don't know, guess on your joke.
but I think it's fine.
My friends think it's fine.
it's a blowing up frog I think it's funny so show it to your friends, show it to your family, Shoot to people you don't even know, put it on YouTube but don't use my name unless it's a good in a good way.
um I Still haven't gotten any replies about Hydra for situation Heine Zero So please once again the Hydra the crazy headed monster the one the head grows back heads whenever it Nick is cut off I Still need to figure out how what make one in origami ends and I do I will put it on my channel and you guys can watch it.
remember I Need subscribers I Got one unlike read your eyes 1 million That's really like embarrassment so please help me I Know I have one subscriber that subscriber I Know you will be watching this because we should subscribe.
Tell your friends, Tell your family, Tell people you don't even know to watch my videos and subscribe.
Please Please!
So I'll see you next time.
