Hi everyone my name is Heather and I'm the person behind happy Kofi truffles and today I Wanted to go ahead and show you guys another display origami that we put on a thing called a squishy in Japan shiki.
She is a display board that you use for different projects and this is the one I'm using here and we're going to make a kotatsu which is like a little table that has a heater underneath over low table and we usually put blankets over it and then that's where we stay to stay warm and everybody's putting them out.
I just spent a few weeks ago you know, cleaning all the blankets and getting everything set up so that it can be out and ready since the nights are getting a little chilly and it's a much more energy efficient thing than having the heater on it keeps you nice and warm.
It's really comfortable and the common thing to do when you sit there is to eat meat, gun and me Connor tangerines and they're out in season right now and my kids in my family in general just love them so much that you know I think everybody probably eats at least cash at least four or five a day.
I'm not getting even paid a lot of Dan dreams.
So um, but you know, hey, it's good for you.
So right?
I don't know, maybe not.
but anyways, I'm gonna make a little kind of cult at Sahir and then I was kind of an idea in my head and we'll see if it turns out or not.
I Wanted to try to create sort of a three-dimensional little basket of me calm that's on top so it might look totally weird.
We'll see how it turns out, but I've got my key she here and what?
Zach What I've actually done is I put a layer of paper on it that's handmade paper as these fibers and then this cute little bits of confetti in it and I Just thought that would be kind of a fun background for this scene.
You can put use any paper really and sometimes you can find squishy that already looked like this.
They already have the paper and the design already on them in the background which works great too.
So but then I went ahead and made some little tiny balloons.
Basically they're just the balloons, but these are going to serve as my econ.
and if you guys need to be a review of how to make little tiny little balls of balloons like this, you guys soon!
I Got the link here.
I'll have a link here so you can do that and make sure you know how to make them.
Now these little guys.
I used a six centimeter paper and it can be a little tricky obviously like especially with the balloon type because the folds aren't that hard maybe.
But what's can be tricky is when you try to blow air into it because though doesn't really need there's really no way that works.
Very good.
So if you're having trouble, take a little paper clip and just open up one of the edges and because there's an opening here, you can pop open everything.
With this, you won't put too much pressure, you'll pop all through everything, but you can actually open things up and then when you blow into it, it can fill up with air and cut.
poof out to all the sides.
I Want things to look a little funky?
still here because I want to kind of have the impression that um, they're kind of, you know me, con shaped?
no but uh so I've got those little guys and I made four of them just to come see how this works.
I don't if it's going to turn out the way I have in my brain or not I have some paper here that's going to serve as the blanket that you put on top of the futon and I'm just going to have it kind of sitting here on the corner.
This is just some traditional Chiyogami paper that has a nice paper finish on the back and then a pattern on the front.
and then I took some paper here and this was actually a full sized piece of 15 by 15 centimeter paper handmade paper.
let this had a nice kind of cool tint to it to kind of look like wood that you see for sometimes for the tops of the tables for especially older.
Kotatsu is kind of this burnt color a little bit and I just did a basic fold where I fold it into the center and then fold it into the center again and then fold it in than half.
And the reason I did this is because I wanted to have this little place here where I could kind of slide things into the top so you're basically looking at the quill thoughts is straight on and I'm just going to kind of.
so it looks like a lid to a jar almost.
I'm going to first put these two together and then I can put this all down here like so and then I took some taunt paper and I just kind of cut a half oval shape here.
or and then I cut little fringe at about a centimeter intervals.
It doesn't have to be a lot then I just kind of folded it back.
What I'm going to try to do is kind of glue all this down onto the background and allow for a little pouch where I can stick the meek on in.
and yeah, we'll see if it works right?
I don't know if it's question, but that's the plan and we'll have that like right here to kind of show the season.
So the first thing we'll do is put together the kotatsu here and I'll just put a little bit of glue right in the middle of all this and then put this inside of it So I'll get the glue going here, make sure that's nice and solid so that's sort of the edge of everything and then I'm going to put a bunch of glue on all this on the back so that I can sit it down where I need it to be.
So I've got kind of that little kotatsu now on the side and then I can take everything here and try to put.
Then I've got the little kind of baskets that I have here and ideally I want to kind of have it just resting right on top of things and I kind of then want to just let everything glue down and then hopefully allow for enough of a poof in the middle here to allow my meat gone to sit inside.
So let's see it.
I don't want it to sit right right on top?
Maybe I'll just try to get it to be just a tiny bit on top of it.
So the main thing we need to do is put glue just on the fringe area here.
don't want any on the actual inside of the basket here before it dries too much.
You can kind of pull one of the sides in just a little bit so that it poof's up just a bit from where it was supposed to be.
so when you finish, you should have some kind of like this.
It might be a little tricky to do, but and then I'm just going to put a few of these meek on in here and I don't know there might be only room for like three of them.
It looks like maybe, but I'll try to get these pooped on enough a little and then put them in there so that kind of gives you guys the finished feel for things.
and look at that, you know you could make this just a two dimensional piece if you wanted to and just make your bowl flat and just cut up some circles for your me con if you prefer.
I Just thought addressed a little different this time.
so but that kind of gives you guys you're finished little piece here with some econ on a table.
Thank you guys!
Always so much for watching and we'll see you guys next time you.
