Howdy folks text: Rebney Who attacks crab near outdoors?
New videos every week Motivational: Monday's weird Wednesdays And of course your texts grabbing your outdoor Saturday Morning cartoon Awesomeness!
So if you don't want to miss out on any of it, you better click Subscribe and check that notification box and check my channel every week for new videos while you're at it.
Make sure to leave me a comment to let me know that you were here on this episode of Motivational: Monday From text: grab your outdoors.
We're gonna be making spinach soup.
Now you see, leafy greens are really important because they're full of micro nutrition.
The problem is sometimes they can be bitter, sometimes we don't like eating them.
The good news is they are low in calories.
so when you need micronutrients in an environment before vitamins and supplements and so on, you had to make them smaller and you do that by wilting them.
It also breaks down the cell walls and in addition to that, if you don't know if you've got clean water to wash your greens in in an area that might not have clean water, it doesn't do you any good to wash your greens to get the dirt off of them in unclean water.
It will make you sick.
So the way that you do that is to purify the water by boiling it, hence steaming your greens.
I Grew up eating spinach with bacon grease, which is an old style farm country recipe and the reason for that is our ancestors had a finite amount of stomach space.
So when you walked behind a plow chasing a mule on a John Deere plow, you were burning a whole bunch of calories every day.
And so because an entire bag of spinach only has 60 to 90 calories in it, you literally couldn't get ahead of your caloric needs.
I've got this spinach wilting down in the pan because we're breaking down the cell walls.
we are killing a little bit of the bitterness now.
spinach is not nearly as god-awful to eat as kale.
We're also quote purifying the water which this came out of the tap and I know the water is clean here at my house.
Granted, you might be asking yourself why am I not doing this on the house stove and the answer is well, guess what, It's tech scrubbing.
You're outdoors.
This entire bag which is two servings of spinach cook down into just that amount of spinach.
We're gonna make it into a soup.
so I've got my tongs here and I've got my blender glass and we're gonna be pure aying this spinach.
But there's just something about Velveeta cheese that just really makes leafy greens or vegetables in general tastes good.
Now we're using a high fat cheese like Velveeta because we also absorb our micro nutrients from plants much better because they are fat soluble.
So we're gonna be using four slices of Velveeta and by the time that we're done, it's gonna come out to 200 calories.
You definitely can make this the night before.
have it ready, stick it in the microwave wherever you are, and then be able to get your greens.
You know that you're getting enough greens and I'm not trying to be graphic, but you know that you're getting enough greens if when you use the restroom, it looks like what's in the toilet came out of a free-range grass-fed Bowl That's how you know that you're getting enough greens.
So I hope this video has been helpful to you as always.
God Bless Alma Sports and of America!
Join the NRA to protect your rights.
Please got my friends over this so we tact we're calm.
Thank you very much those of you involved in law enforcement and those are you serving in the military.
And thanks for watching text grabbing your outdoors.
