Okay so we're going to show you how to install your key onto your keyboard.
Start out by looking at the metal pieces that are on your keyboard.
You can see that at the top corners there's two metal pieces and they form a hole in the middle so we can fit pins in two and at the bottom corners there's two metal pieces as well.
but they don't have holes.
They're more like hook.
So at the voltage is going to wrap around the pin for these pieces here they're not really going to.
We're not going to insert the pins into them because they're most.
They're hooks, not holes like the top one.
So right now what you have to do is make sure those metal plates are straight up vertically because sometimes they can be pushed down or flattened out and maybe even broken.
So we're going to determine the position for this large piece first and insert it onto the keyboard.
You can see at the top corners it has two pins and the bottom corners it has two pins and in the middle of the vertical bars there's holes.
Those holes are going to accept the pins from the next plastic piece so they can click together.
Now make sure not to put this whole piece upside down like this because it looks the same but it won't fit the same.
How we determine the position for that is feel the top the whole vertical bar here.
If you feel there's a gap close to the top, that gap faces the keyboard on the other side.
it's supposed to be smooth, so smooth Part part faces away from the keyboard and again it faces the keyboard.
Now this is how the keys going to look like once it's flat.
So we're going to make it go vertically like this and insert the pin into the hole on the top metal pieces.
Once they're in, just push the whole piece flat like that.
Then you get your next piece.
You can see that at the top it has two pins, the top corners and the middle.
or close to the middle it has two more pins then two more pins at the very bottom.
Make sure not to put this whole piece upside down as well.
By feeling or carefully looking for that gap, you can see that gap right there close to the top so that gap faces the keyboard and on top is supposed to be smooth.
Now what you have to do is pick up slightly on the bottom part of the part that we already put on the keyboard which is a large piece.
We have to slide the small piece all the way through in order for the pins the bottom pins of the small piece to go into the hook.
So once you have both hooks having both pin into those hooks, all you really have to do is hold that part down and push down on the entire piece so that everything is flat.
Once everything is flat, you get your key which is this you put right in the center and you push down evenly on all four sides till you hear a few clicks.
