She is looking to my channel and Sonam has become very bad filming but ever okay.
so today I'm going to be showing you how I clean my sin Chile's cage and she does not have the confirmation.
Currently great now but I'm going to save up and get it for her and I've moved one of her ramps off of her cage because you got EULA and usually kind of jump over it and I decided to be easier just remove it off her cage.
So yeah, so let's get into the video for me really bad.
it'll be really hard to film because I'm here filming this myself but was he had a video in class um grants for the video.
oh he's currently rolling nothing.
She apparently she wants to take a dust bath sorry favorite play focusing She wants a dog fast.
she just had one yesterday.
oh my cage and it has wires in the bottom and she has a fleece blanket that we put over there but we currently don't have it right now.
It's acid from basement, guinea washed and not going to be doing all these steps today because I don't really feel like it but I usually what I do for it is I do this laughs actually is I dump this rug because it's like yes it looks like so that's what I do.
Okay so let's get into the video on how I start to do this when I sell this 10 times but if I would show you her cage and she she has that.
but we usually have a blanket here that we just flip and there'll be over there.
Okay so over here I'm just pop it up so we just have this little wheel and that that um her food will usually are.
you are usually down in there but I just watched these yesterday already ruined and then this level is just a little thing that has nothing ramped up.
This is our little cooler marble thing and that's her was it called Ben thing Ben Peter but I I'm using this.
never use it because she'll really like it.
Are usually using food bowls but those are a massive.
First thing that I do is I take everything in Turkey to this food bowls everything like everything little and I wipe it down with a clean cage habits habitat deodorizer I also wipe down her levels and right here because it gets a bunch of her dust all over there and yeah so I'm just going to show you how of me how love me just wiping it down OS into something.
she got really fat and she snapped the back of her hammock and she snapped that side so I tied it so I want to get a new hammock she can suck, suck suck up.
So apparently wipe down her this and first marble piece and this I put a little tab so I can film it.
So yeah so that's how I did that.
So these are lots cleaner than they used to be and I mean a lot cleaner.
So now I can actually put her food in their sort of you can that I want to remove that and put it over there if you have you've asked it and I'm going to show you me organizing that because that's really bad if you always pop star house and so I'm just going to show you of me like reorganizing her cage to at everything like that.
there's almost a little things and all of them.
this is like crystal on a sock that remove that but I'm just going to empty all of her hay and everything in the bottom of this and I will take this outside and I'll put some wood chips on there then I have to wipe down can cage after that organize this and I'm not gonna put this today because I don't like that and um make sure her horrible smell out of rose water bottles clean her being everything screen make sure she's good and yeah that's what I wanted deeds doing.
The rest of this video currently tape this foot scrub and like knock off all the gunk on to the bottom of the tray.
so I currently wiped out everything ended all of that not on films good clean up the cage and I'm just gonna have to put everything back.
organize that and I would be done on how I stay in a cage I had to dump that I'm not going to do that right now.
who's going to get a little bit dark outside print that really six weapons but you know a time it's going to reopen.
it's a case you all that features it, her clear water bottle and everything like that might not sure.
one film which is and like no swords storage.
Okay so I will show you an equippable I'm wearing group I'm Elsa like I did was a slowed up her food and build up her hay and that's really good for right now.
They added her fleece blanket.
Focus whispers I'm too oh no on but on you and the bottom of her cage I am gonna have to add everything that I've been working on and I guess that would be it and I wanted to organize that as well.
that's what I'm left with that.
So I'm just going to show you the after point upper cage and how it looks after I said I was going to show you her cage but just let's stop and take a minute that she sheds so bad it gets everywhere like look and I just shot back to this I got literally like sucked up everything like I don't know how long ago What?
well it's crazy.
so this is where KJ click right now I have four foods that are real I have her fleece her little pink house that a for with her little ball thing that was used to be in a barrel but she ate every piece to it and Scott okay but that's where I took her ramp down was over in the bottom and we have this with her cupcake with her tune chiller thing.
she cooled off her Milo piece her sing a ramp up and that part of the little dog toy thing but I made it out of attitude as well as mess shock and it's been true being linked.
Yep so that's her cage and I can't and then now you gotta organize a hot mess.
So I come turkey my respect and I tried in places but I was so easy sliced open and I put it over here organized that put her little thing back there with her things with her staff at the wood chips over here place it stripped off a seasonally we caught us okay and clutter right there and I'm officially done I was how I clean her case usually will jump out this and ad which I'm an advocate and it usually would like wipe down the bottom of the thing before it but yeah um I do all that but I was completely oh yeah let's go see that is I usually do did you Lee do this about once a week?
okay and yeah so basically up if you please like comment subscribe.
oh my gosh, are you still talking So yeah she already messed it up but it's okay.
um if you want to see me do another one in the future, please give this video a thumbs up or comment and see if this helped you if they don't know why it would.
But yeah I just me shiny on this I don't know how long are you going to be totally like two seconds but it's okay.
sorry if it was like bad quality I saw moved it on this.
it's a tub and then that's like roasting the tissues I was cleaning with So and I just going to have to vacuum this up or I usually stump it outside.
