Hi guys, how's it going?
My name is Rubio.
I'm from Cordoba, Spain.
I work as an other guide and I practice like lining because it's so much fun and of course why not to keep fit?
Today I'm gonna teach you how to set your slackline because many people might think that most important thing is how to get started on it.
but the most important thing is how to set it properly.
There are a lot of small things that you have to take into account so let's check it out all right.
So while setting your slack line, you have to pay attention to three important points: the two anchors and the tightening point.
Setting your anchor points.
It's really important because you don't want to have your line edges.
So this is the trick.
You want to fold it like a V shape or an A shape?
It doesn't really matter, just a personal preference.
Important thing is that you you fold it after putting it through the loop.
Why?
Because when you're gonna tighten it's gonna come here.
So you want to have it folded already.
if you fold it only here, it's kind of not gonna work all right.
So that was the line anchor and here we have the ratchet ankle.
So as you can see you do the same thing.
make it V shape a shape that's a mother personal preference.
Actually it doesn't matter if one is a shape and the other one is V-shaped I tried out, didn't see any different.
All right let's go to Raj.
As you can see I set my ratchet upside down.
It looks kind of funny but it works really well.
Why?
Because if you have it this way, this is a heavy part and it's it tends to edge your line.
You don't want that.
If you put all the way down it's gonna work always.
It's gonna help to keep your line always flat.
You want it as flat as possible.
So make sure you set your ratchet upside down.
So setting the ratchet, you wanna put the line through the ratchet and then all the way.
Once we have it all the way down, unlock your ratchet.
After that you want to start tightening.
like.
So make sure that the line is perfectly in the center because if it comes to one side and then you're tightening, you're going to cut your line.
You don't want that to happen.
So now you have your line set but not tightened.
You want to pay attention in the anchors.
Check it out.
You might find your anchors in this position so you want to push it, maybe kicking it softly all the way to the tree and the same thing in the other anchor.
Then you can tighten.
A personal trick that I use is I'm taking the leftover of the line and I'm putting it together with the other line and then it's what I'm taking.
It helps you to guide the line so as I told you, it's not going to be on the sides so it's not going to get cut.
So how tight I want my line?
Probably much more than you can imagine at the beginning because when I started personally, I used to set it quite soft because I thought that, well, that's quite tight.
No, believe me, you want to tighten all the way you can, especially for the beginning.
And if you're going to jump or you're planning to make some tricks, you want to have it tight.
The best way to tighten properly your line is to sit.
You can grab it properly.
You can even grab it with two hands when it's real hard.
So now I can do one hand so you can see when it gets really, really tough.
it's almost in the end.
You gotta do one or two more so you may want to use both hands and your whole body to tighten.
Then you have it good.
Remember to take it all the way back and lock it, then it's safe.
Okay guys, now we've set our slack line.
One last important tip: The height doesn't matter which head you're setting when you're starting, you might want to set it lower.
Don't worry, it's not a big deal.
When you will get better, it will be higher up to you.
Don't rush it.
take it easy and remember guys.
Most important thing, no matter what your level is, have fun!
