Guys I'm back and today I'm showing you how to make an origami pokeball.
So here's the pokeball.
Put it down on this, fold it in half, and then use some scissors to cut this excess.
Yeah, Okay so now you have a square and there's a line across it and you you have to make another line you fold it across.
It's good.
If you put your nail then it creases back.
Now you open it.
you got love this part done.
Now we fold it like this.
Let's crease it.
I'm having some problems.
Now we do that.
Okay, that was the first part.
I Like this one, we're not gonna cover this.
that takes too much time there.
We go fold it in half again.
Then there's a little fold so put your hand here and it makes like a triangle.
So when you're done with this pocket, put this over here to this side.
Now make the pocket again on the other side so it's made and then put that this on that side.
So that's good.
That's good.
Next we fold these things down and then there be there will be an extra thing down here, then turn it over and do the same thing.
Hey okay.
Next we fold these corners in to the center.
Then it's going to be some poles on one side if there is not any on the other.
So put the falls inside the thing, the little pockets and hide the fold.
We made the other one and then we have this extra flap.
We're going to turn it over and do the same thing Exactly.
Oh yeah, the song that we're playing.
If you like it, this is a jiggly puff trap song.
So yeah.
okay so okay so now you see these little things that you folded on both sides, on the opposite side so it would be up here.
So um you put some air in this hole so it closed that.
but sometimes the hole is too small so just clip a little bit and then unfold it like that and then blow it.
It helps if you have tape.
so these things are fly around and there you made a pokeball and there's a hole but it doesn't matter cuz the air doesn't escape.
This is my original run and here is the one.
I Just made so this is the portable.
It's very accurate.
Throw.
