Hi everyone welcome back to my channel and welcome to Exfoliating!
Friday Now what is exfoliating Friday Exfoliating Friday is where I create a unique scrub using unique ingredients and this crumb you're going to try over the weekend.
All your going to use the scrub whenever you so choose.
So today's crop is subscribe.
You can use when you have a special occasion and you just want to have that glow without really putting in a lot of work.
You want your face to look like you spent hours pampering your skin and this is what today described is going to do for you.
So if you're interested in Today scrub then continue watching.
The first ingredient in today's club is lemon.
Lemon juice acts as a natural exfoliant since the citric acid acts as a gentle skin peel that removed the top layer of dead skin cells.
This will result in a smooth complexion when used regularly.
Our next ingredient is Harper Vitamin C is very good for skin lightening.
It's used in many skin lightening creams.
Apple is loaded with vitamin C therefore it is perfect for this scrub.
Our next ingredient is dried orange peel which is very easy to make.
Place the orange peel in a brown paper bag, leave it there for a few days and you will have dry crisp.
C Orange Peel Orange peel cures blackheads, remove dead cells, cure acne, shrink pores, get rid of blemishes, dark circles, dry skin and brighten your face.
It can also be applied with milk or curd for extra glow or for removing time.
Our next ingredient is brown sugar.
Brown sugar is a natural dye colic acid which is part of the Harper I drug the acid family and this acid is regularly used in exfoliates to help break down the dead skin cells and removes them.
And the final ingredient in this club is rose water.
Rose water can bring benefit to all skin type.
It can have food and cool, sensitive and irritated skin balance and cleanse oily skin, rejuvenate, soften and tune.
mature skin, revitalized and had beautiful gluten normal skin was what is filled with antioxidants and various vitamins.
Therefore it can help prevent a sign of aging and nourishes the skin.
So first I'm going to prepare the ingredient and I'm going to cut the orange peel into large pieces and I'm going to have this to the blender.
Next, I'm going to cut the hopper in small pieces and I'm using the entire half of a medium.
Apple and I'm placing this in the blender also Maxim had in three tablespoons of brown sugar to the blender and I'm going to blend.
Now here is our blended mix and you want to remove any pieces of orange peel that has not been blend and easy way to do this is that you can use a coffee grinder to basically blend the orange peel before you mix it with a half of which could be much easier.
Next, I'm going to add one a teaspoon or a few drops of lemon juice and I'm also going to have about a half a teaspoon of rose water.
And I'm going to mix well.
And here is our happy Orange Brown Sugar scrub user and apply this club and you want to work in circular motion.
You want to rub your skin for at least two to three minutes focusing on the areas that you need to exfoliate the mold.
Now this crop can be stored in the refrigerator for seven days and you can use this cup to the three times per week.
This club is also safe to use under your eyes, just make sure not to get it into your eyes.
[Applause] After applying this club, you want to rinse your face with warm water and after and then reveal bright, clean, clear, radiant skin.
So there you have it.
Go ahead and try this facial scrub.
Remember to share the video if you liked it and give me a thumbs up.
Also, comment comments and if this was the first time watching, subscribe on your way out for more videos like this.
Join me next week when I will up another unique facial scrub for you.
Thank you all for watching!
Bye Bye.
