Okay, this video.
I'm going to show you how to change out the keyboard on an HP 15 model.
You'll probably recognize the body style on yours.
Look at this one, you can see that.
here's the back.
This is the Windows 8.
The particular model on this one is a is a 15 - geez and Grasshopper 0, 1, 9, WM is and Mary But again, this will work with the majority of the HP 15 models.
I Mean if this looks familiar with yours, it'll This method will work with your with the one that you own.
This particular models got 2 screws that you have to do undo at the bottom.
All you want to do is first take out your battery here on the end and there's going to be little little keyboard icon next to the two screws that you're going to undo.
There's one here.
you can probably recognize that little keyboard icon.
you're going to unscrew that and then there's another one here.
And actually the icon is a little bit hidden, but it's right there.
so go ahead and take that one out.
Alright, now what you're going to do is just it might take a little bit of force.
I'd Recommend!
Like a real small real small flat-head screwdriver like this, You can even use a credit card to go around the edges.
but most people what they're going to do is they're going to go around these edges here and they're going to, you know, pry it open.
One little trick you can do is actually use the screw hole and actually take care of.
Take your flat head and push up on it.
You know you're not gonna hurt anything because it's It's just direct contact with your keyboard that's broken any way that you're going to replace and then what you're going to do is you can take a credit card and just go round but takes a little bit of effort and you can see there you got to just pull up a little bit and as long as you got this two screws out, you're not going to hurt anything.
Alright, that's that and then the ribbon.
There's a little plastic thing that's holding it down and the only thing it's like a little flap and the only thing you have to do here is just pull up on it and that's it and then it will just come right out.
Now to purchase this: I Found eBay to be your best place to buy a mat.
The one that I just bought for this model's like 15 bucks.
It's actually coming from China which is okay, it'll just take a few more weeks to get here.
You can also go by the model number and type that in.
eBay As you can see on this one, that's the model it as a Nancy Essence Sam K - Season Cat innocent Nancy Six Essence Sam Season Cat Alright, and that's that's how you can search it on.
eBay You could type in the model number of your HP and then this book keyboard but usually you'll pay more if you do that and pretty much all you're going to do is once you get your new keyboard in, you're just going to revert.
You know, just loop it and reverse what you just did.
Put that back in there, make sure you got good contact.
Fold that down there.
it just should snap right in, put your two screws back, put your battery back, and you should be all set to go.
Alright, thanks for watching.
