So you want to plastidip your rims?
Me too.
Let's begin.
So the first thing you want to do is clean the dog-piss how your rinse literally and metaphorically dry the rim thoroughly with a clean rag, tape off your bearings with transparent tape, and block off the threads that mount your brake disc.
I Was able to stuff it with random paper and plastic that was laying around the garage because after all, I am a professional.
After you've prepped both sides, it's time to get to spring.
Make sure you're in a well-ventilated area where the rim has no contact with the Sun The last thing you want is some star from 93 million miles away to up your paint job.
After shaking the can vigorously for a full minute like it just told you your bike was slow, you're going to want to give it a test spray on a piece of cardboard piece of paper, your cat, or your test piece of choice.
for the first coat, you want to start off with a light coat of about 50 to 60% coverage.
Much like spray painting, this thin layer will help create a much better bond than if you were to disperse a full coat.
Be sure to spray in short bursts and always move the can while spring.
After you, let the first coat dry for about 30 minutes, spray the second coat at about 95 to 100% coverage.
The main goal here is to apply the coat evenly across the entire wheel, allow another 30 minutes to dry.
Based on your particular plastidip project, the can may have enough for a fourth coat however I could have sprayed a fourth layer I Decided to empty the can for the third coat for a thicker layer finally to achieve an attractive shine to match my bald head and provide protection from the elements.
I Added one coat plastidip enhancer gloss on fire after about an hour, remove the excess plastidip from your tire contrary to what I've done here I Suggest using painters tape for the chicken strips during preparation.
if you choose not to, you can use something like brake cleaner to remove the plastic dip that's too thin to peel off.
Finally, take the time to pat yourself on the back, admire your work, and let it cure for about eight hours before you install the tire.
Alright guys!
so I think you came out looking pretty fan-fucking-tastic I Hope you guys got some kind of value out of the video.
If you did, spread some love like ask some questions and and if you want to see pictures I'm going to post a picture on my Instagram probably by tomorrow when I actually get it on the bike.
but yeah, thank you guys for watching and we'll catch you guys later.
Peace Alright guys, that's alright guys I Hope you guys if you guys did enjoy the video, be sure to LIKE Comment subscribe God damnit.
Oh.
