Hi I'm farm-to-table chef TECA Thompson at Tech at Thompson comm And today we're talking about how to water your basil plant.
So basil is happiest when it's watered by tepid water.
which means lukewarm.
So what I'll do when I'm ready to water my basil plant is just a few hours before I'll go and fill up my watering can and then I'll just put it in a warm place and that way the Sun will absorb it and warm it up.
Make it about lukewarm which is a tepid temperature.
If you can't leave it in the Sun for a few hours, you can just take your tap water and do it that way.
So here we have my basil plant.
Basil loves water, but it has to be in a good draining area or pot depending on if it's in a pot or your garden.
So as you can see, this one has the drainage hole and we're going to just water the basil, never the leaves, just at the base of the stem because it's really susceptible to getting fungus.
So if you water the leaves, it'll agitate it and make fungus more easy to grow.
So I'm just going to actually lift up the little baby leaves on the bottom.
I'm just going to take my water and I'm going to generously water it in just like so.
So when you're watering basil that's in a pot and it doesn't have an area to drain as far as the bottom being on it like this, you want to wait till it drains through which will probably do in just a minute here and then you want to take the remainder water that's in your little dish at the bottom and you want to dump it all out because that means the basil has gotten as much water as it needs with this watering session and you want to dispose of the rest so it doesn't get soggy which can make it mildew or get fungus on it.
So once it starts draining through, we'll just collect the excess water like so and then I'm just going to take it and dump it to the side so it's not sitting in water so it's very simple and easy.
You always want to keep your basil moist but not soggy and make sure you give it plenty of water in a well-drained garden or pot.
I'm farm to table chef TECA Thompson at TECA Thompson Calm Today we're talking about how to water your basil plants.
I Hope that was helpful and thank you for watching you.
