Hey guys, my name is Samantha and this is my chocolate lab.
Sadie And today we are going to show you how to check a dog's of vital signs.
So CDs In the perfect position if you can get your dog to lay on their side, this is ideal.
You can do it with your dog standing up, but it's just a little bit more inconvenient.
So when your dog is laying down, the other thing I want to encourage you to do is check their vital signs frequently, not just when you think it's necessary, especially when you're just learning.
It's best to check their vital signs, record it in a little log or just on a piece of paper that you stick on that fridge something like that.
so you can get an average of what your dog's temperature usually is.
heart rate usually is things like that and then also that's gonna help you prepare so that when you have to do it.
if your dog is sick and you have to do it and it's kind of not an emergency situation, but it's something that you know you need to do because you're not sick, you're going to be overwhelmed upset about it.
So you can do it quickly and easily because you'll be already experienced so stays in the perfect position.
Vital Signs: There are three you want to get your dog's temperature, heart rate, and breathing rate.
Let's start off with temperature.
What you will mean for this is petroleum jelly, a thermometer, a digital thermometer, and a paper towel.
So as you can see we have our thermometer labeled dog on the bottom because this is when we always use Purdon's and what you want to do is just I'm not actually going to do this to CD just because it's not really pleasant and I don't need to take your temperature right now so you want to dip it in the Vaseline and then you are going to insert the thermometer in your dog's or rectum and you want to go about an inch and a half or so in there and wait for your thermometer to finish.
Most of them beep when they're done.
This one goes and then you're going to wipe the petroleum jelly off.
You can wash your thermometer with hot water and soap what you know at another time you don't need to do that right this very minute.
so you're gonna wipe it off and then you can clean it later, record your dog's temperature that usually it depends on the thermometer that you have some of them take you know up to 28 30 seconds.
Some of them do it in as little as like 10 seconds.
So wait for your rock thermometer to be that's your dog's temperature.
A normal dog's temperature is between 100 100 point 5 in 102 point 5.
So that's average a little below a little above.
You know things like that, you don't have to worry, it's when your dog has.
you know their temperature go over 103, 103 and a half.
But when it's it down around like 99 99 and a half, you know you have to be concerned.
So that's something that you should know how to do.
Heart rate is really easy on the left side of your dog's body.
Again, as I said, he's laying perfectly.
So here's the left side of her body right here, under her left front paw.
I'm gonna put my hand kind of in her armpit there and I can feel her heartbeat and what you're gonna do is you'll need a clock with a second, a seconds hand which is right behind me.
a stopwatch if your watch has a seconds to hand.
Anything like that where you can keep track of seconds.
you want to count the number of beats in 15 seconds and then you're going to times that by.
For a normal dog's heart rate, Little dogs kind of are between like 60 and 100.
Bigger dogs are a little bit slower so they're like 100 to 140 is pretty average, you know.
but again, it depends on the dog.
So if you do this frequently and you know your dog's average heart rate, then you can go when it's accelerated or it's a beating a little bit slower.
Usually vets don't worry unless it drops under 60 or over 140.
But you know if you pair like a slower than normal heart rate or a faster than normal heart rate with a fever, then you know that's what comes to play.
So that's why we're checking all of the vital signs.
and the final vital sign is a breath rate.
And again, if your dog's laying here, you can see their chest expand and you're going to do the same thing you did it with a heart baby.
Want to watch the chest expand every time it expands?
You count one, two three and you're going to do that for 15 seconds and see how many breaths.
So 12 to 24 per minute is pretty normal for dogs.
and again you know you want to just count how many that they often that they breathe in 15 seconds.
then tie knots times that by 4 and it will give you a fur one minute.
So if they breathe 5 times in 15 seconds times that by 4:15 sorry, 5 times 4 is 20 and that's lower than that 12 to 20 or average range.
Again, you know it's it's a wide range 12 to 24 breaths per minute.
That's a huge gap, but it's because different dogs have different breath rates.
now.
smaller dogs tend to breathe a little quicker or larger dogs tend to breathe a little slower.
So you know that's why.
it's best if you do this stuff and you do it repetitively, you're going to get to know your dog's body and what those averages are for your dog.
And again, you know while a slight fever might not be something to worry about or a slightly increased heart rate might not be something to worry about.
When you check all the vital signs and you notice that Yogi has a temperature and his heart's beating a little thicker, his breath rates a little bit more than it normally is.
That's when you need to start thinking about you know you need to contact your about, they need to to know.
It makes it a lot easier for them to help you and to tell you yeah, you should bring him in.
Oh maybe you could wait till tomorrow.
You know if you've taken these vital signs and you already know that.
So if you have any questions, feel free to email me Samantha Our Top Dog Tips: Calm of course, subscribe to our Youtube channel like us and follow us on Facebook Twitter Google+ And of course you can subscribe to our newsletter on our website as well to stay up to date with everything that we're doing here.
Top Dog Tips: So I hope you guys enjoyed this video on how to check your dog's vital signs and I will see you back next time.
Thanks for watching you.
