Feet Up Ground today.
I'm going to show you how to set up a primitive slackline in your kit.
You'll find two tree pros which is super important.
We're gonna protect the tree.
You also find two slings which wrap around the tree one of three meters, one of two meters of all types tree.
You also find four carabiners and one ring which is a lightweight pulley system in place of the ratchet.
Finally, you'll have your webbing send up your slack lines.
The first thing you want to do is to put your tree pro on, unravel the tree boy wrapped around the tree and now remember the higher you go, the less tension you're gonna have to put into the system if you just started around the tree.
like.
So grab your velcro and just put one in place, prevent the tree Pro Moving Now with the other remaining three velcro pieces, you're going to use it to keep the sling in place since take your swing wrapped around the tree and now you just want to put your velcro in place to prevent their sling moving once we put the velcro on top of the sling.
So now pull your sling together on the two loops.
On this side we're going to attention the slackline so you want to put, that's the side done.
So now you want to grab your webbing, find the end of the loop, come to the other end and on this one we're ready to set up this sling with put one carabiner in place which you want to clip little.
Yvonne - once clipped screw, Now wrap the webbing, keep it in the webbing flat, run it across the other ends, scrab the webbing, fold it, push it through the ring from top to bottom, loop it and just go again.
On top of the ring, from top to bottom, pushing through, and now once push through, just put your finger in it to make sure there's enough room.
Grab your carabiner, slip it through the loop, and now this bit is set up.
Grab the top of the webbing from the ring.
Now we're at the end with the sling with two carabiners, push the webbing through the Caribbean up from top to bottom, pull it a little bit, and now again, we're gonna go from top to bottom and this carabiner and now we're gonna go to the bottom carabiner.
I'm going to loop it from bottom to top, pull it through back the one carabiner here, feed it through again the webbing.
Now this bit.
it's important because you need to make sure this ends on the webbing, goes on the inside line and now friction is gonna hold it in place so you know if you let go, you've done it right because the slackline shouldn't move.
Now what we're gonna do is you want to pull it.
Obviously the more you pull the tied, the slackline becomes.
Now you can have a friend test the slackline to check if it's the right tension.
Now we're just going to lock the poison in place.
just put enough slack in the slackline, wrap it around the four system.
twice not.
Let's do the second one.
Super safe, wrapping around once.
Just putting this slackline bleep simple at 11.
Now most importantly, we need to lock the carabiners all three of them.
Now it's time to have some fun.
