Hello!
This is Lisa Shay and these are instructions are for folding an origami balloon.
Start five, holding your piece of paper in half and giving a crease down the center line.
Fold the left side over to the right side and put that on the corners and give that a crease on the center line.
Lift one of your squares you made up and squash it down flat so that the line in the middle fall down beneath the line underneath it, and this makes the triangle, turn it over, lift your others flare up, give it a crease so it falls flat, and then squash it down flat so that you've got a second triangle on top of the one you just made before.
Now, fold the corner point up to the point and make this squish down flat.
Fold the other corner, punch up to the top center point and squish that down flat.
Fold it over, Put the corner point up to the top trainer and squish it down flat.
Fold the other corner up to the top Center and squish it down flat.
Now, you're going to fold the edge corner into the center, another edge corner into the center, flip it over, fold the edge corner into the center line, pull the other edge corner into the center line.
Right now, you're going to fold one of the top points down so that the line of the top point folds against that triangle you just made.
So here's another one.
so the top points hold down.
What you're going to do is open up the pocket that's just beneath the triangle you Made.
and you're going to fold the triangle you just made into that pocket.
We're going to do this three more times so you can see a little better how it works.
You stick your finger in and you open up the pocket and then you take the triangle that you just made and fold it over and squish it down inside the pocket and it folds down flat.
Alright, so you turn it over so you fold the top point down so that the triangle folds in half.
You stick your finger into the little pocket and you fold that triangle over so that it sits down flat inside the pocket.
So we fold the top point down so you fold that in half Which and then you can go and you're going to squish it into the little opening that you can make in there.
So once you've got all of those done, your basic balloon shape is done.
Now what you're going to do is you're going to blow into the open hole at the end.
So if you look at it there, one of the ends is open.
you're going to blow and you'll puff it out and let you see.
you need to be sort of shape it a little to get the box to fall out to its square shape.
The little tugging and pulling gets this to be a nice square and then you are all set with your balloon or box.
Thank you for watching and you can see more videos at Lisa Shay Calm and I Hope you have a good day.
