Hello Parents and Students of Second Grade at Rhodes by the Elementary School This is Miss Twos!
Oh and I'm here to present to you our Black History Month Poster project.
During the month of February we have been celebrating lots of famous African Americans who have contributed to our history.
As we end the month, we are requiring that all students create a Black History Month poster project.
Each student will be required to pick a famous African-american that they would like to learn more about and create a poster about that person.
The information for the poster project will be sent home on February 21st when we return to school and it is due the following week February 28th.
Here are the requirements for the poster project.
Each poster must be.
Each project must be created on a poster board.
There must be five pictures of five photographs of your famous African-american at the top of your poster board.
Must be the famous African Americans Name.
The information that you include on your poster board must be handwritten by the students on index cards.
Your poster must be neat and creatively presented, and that means you may decorate it any way you like.
What research should be included on your poster board.
Well, let's take a look.
You must include the birth and the death.
If they've passed away of your famous African-american you must include information about their childhood, their education, why they are important to our history, what that person is known for, their major accomplishments, and other interesting facts.
Where can you find that information?
Well, we would like for you to go to the library and pick out books.
You can also go to the Internet.
Let's take a look at the Internet Okay, here is Miss to Zoe's laptop and currently I am looking at Rosa Parks When you open up your laptop and you go to Google I Want you to put your famous African-americans name in the search engine right here.
Once you do that, you will get lots of websites and information about your famous African-american Okay, History.com Biography: Calm.
Lots of websites that will give you lots of information.
Even on the side of the search engine you will find quick snippets of information of your person.
Here is where Rosa Parks was born and in what state and city Here?
Yes, taken city.
Here's where she died in 2005 who her husband was.
Famous quotes of hers and that's just on the opening page of the UM Internet When you want to look for photos of your famous African-american put their name of the search engine in Google and underneath I Want you to click images.
When you click images, you will get nothing but photos of that famous African-american Okay, once you've collected your information, your research, and your photos, we want you to put your information together on a poster board and what should that look like?
Well, let's take a look.
Here is a poster board that Mr.. Surage created so you all have a reference of what we're looking for at the top of my board.
I have Dr. Martin Luther King that's the name of my famous African-american I have one, two, three, four, five, six photographs or pictures of information of Dr.. King I have included information about his family and when he was born as mom and dad I have included information about his wife and his four children I have included information about where he went to school in college and how he graduated when he was 25 with his PhD and that's why we call him doctor I have included his.
What he's most famous for is I have a dream speech and pictures were given that speech I Also have included information about what he's known for out he had a major impact in race relations in the United States how he helped with the creation of the Civil Acts right of 1964, how he received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964 as well.
and finally I have when Dr. King was assassinated in 1968 and Memphis Tennessee So this is what we are requiring all the students to do: Mom and Dad, aunt and uncle's grandpa Robinson gram, moms and granddad's who's ever loving our second graders.
Please take time to help them create this African-american history project so they can learn more about what they're interested in.
If you have any questions, please contact Miss Waders or myself with any questions you may have and we will be sure to help answer them and help you guys complete this project.
See you at school!
