I would like to demonstrate a way that you can wear your baby.
We've proven a lots of ways that people in many countries where their babies often and it promotes healthiness in a lot of ways.
And I want to show you how you too can wear your baby.
Very simply, it's not hard everyone can do it, including fathers and grandparents and caretakers.
And this opportunity to show you so here: I Go.
This particular wrap is a piece of knit fabric.
The particularly I is six yards I Believe that most people will need between five and five and a half yards I'm a larger person I'm about 511 I wear about a 20 in pants and U.s. sizes and so that kind of gives you an idea.
The larger breasts, the more room obviously that you'll need.
So what you're gonna do is, you're gonna take your wrap.
You're gonna open it up.
You want to find the middle section of your wrap I Like to find the ends first.
once I find the ends I Can find the middle, drop your ends, open your midsection up, put it at your waistline.
Now, once you've got that, kind of like a cummerbund, you're going to open up the rest of the wrap.
You're going to come across your back and you want to cross over.
I'm going to turn around so that you can see that you're gonna cross over your back.
It takes practice over the shoulder.
I Like to straighten my now across the other shoulder and that's across the back.
Now the interesting part is, if it is loose here, you can tighten it using one of each side.
but now I've got to cross my shoulders first.
Remember it went across our waist, across our back, over the shoulders.
Now, it doesn't matter which side you start with, you want to pick up your tail and drop it through your cummerbund portion.
Pick up your second tail.
Also, drop it through the cummerbund portion.
I've got both tails there, both parts on my shoulder.
Now that I have my tails I need to cross them I'm straightening it now I've got my tails I'm going to wrap it around my backside and I can stop there and tie it or I can bring it around the front I don't have enough to bring it around the front.
so I would like to tie mine on my back or possibly if you're going to be sitting, you can tie it on your side such as this or the other side.
So let me turn around and show you how I'm gonna tie my back and tie it in one knot, just my shirt and then one more.
Not okay and now I'm ready to load my baby.
I'm gonna reach here and grab my baby Kinsley Everyone this is my baby.
Kinsley Now there's two ways that you can load a baby the first way.
I Like best because at her age now, she prefers to be facing me.
So many things.
to have her face me.
You want to put her over your shoulder like you want to burp her, find the piece that's closest to your body actually I should loader on the other shoulder, one that's closest to your body.
You're gonna load her like in, switch her to the other shoulder, load her other leg in, then I'm going to stretch it across her bottom, both sides as you can see.
and now I need to bring up my cummerbund portion.
This type of way is known as seat in and you just pull it up like so sometimes their legs will stick out and that is how you load your baby.
A couple of things: I Want to show you while you have your baby in I like to actually vacuum while Kinsley's in the sling like this.
and at times whenever they are younger, their heads or their necks rather are not quite as stable.
So sometimes I'll tuck her head in like that and it keeps it more to my body.
So if I need to lean down such as this and keeps her closer in another way, you can do it.
as you can see if you notice that it feels as though it's pulling and I want to make sure that the part on your back is spread across your back, making sure it comes across here another way.
You can also so that your arms here won't feel like you've got something.
Hold them down.
you lift up this portion, you grab the outside and you fold it in and make sure it's still in that shoulder again.
under it.
Grab the side, fold it under, pull it out and that'll give you a little more flex in your arms.
I'm going to show you how to unload a baby once you have them in here.
So I'm going to pull down the cumberbund, lift this back how like peeling an onion.
and now she comes.
and that's how you unload the baby now that I have our unloaded.
I'd like to show you how to load her facing outward and as they get older, they like to face outward so they can see everything that you're seeing so over the shoulder actually the other.
So again, you're gonna find the one closest to your body.
put her leg in on the other one.
put the leg in there.
Okay, you want to spread it out her body.
Now this is where you're gonna tuck in their arms.
actually.
I'm going to put her feet in the bottom cummerbund portion and then I'm going to spread it out both ways and as you use it, you'll get used to how you want to do it in the order in which you would like to do it, how your baby likes to be worn and everything.
and at times you'll find that your baby doesn't look comfortable.
But as long as they're not crying, and as long as you're comfortable, I promise you they're as comfortable as can be and she can ride like this for at least probably a good hour.
If you you know need to go distance in the grocery store and such, you'll find that they really like this.
or maybe you're folding laundry.
So now that I've got her loaded like this, I'd like to take her out out with a beat I'm gonna unwrap her and ups here we go.
I'm gonna put her back in her crib.
Okay and now as you can see, I've kind of got pieces.
You can actually ride like this and the vehicle in your car with your seatbelt.
It's not going to add anything.
No different time most of the time than wearing a coat.
so just leave it on if you're gonna go from the house to the store.
But if you would like to take it off, we're gonna untie the knot, undo the fat and I like to just take it off as easy as I can get out and that is how it's done.
