I'm currently disconnected.
This is let's make stuff.
Let's make a latex mask.
Oh I Think that's an excellent idea for this bill.
You will need some liquid latex, some spirit gum, some clay, and some face paint.
Let's get started.
Okay so you going to grab your clay, about one to two kilograms of clay, roll it out to about a centimeter thick, and then you going to put a box with some crushed up newspaper in it, grab that big piece of clay, squash it on your face, remember to press down on your eyes and your chin your nose and make a nice big imprint.
Then you gonna grab that and carefully place that in the box.
So now I grab some clay and put that where the no nostril should be.
After that, my son's experiment with the back of a paintbrush and a skewer with a repetitive pattern like most lizards and alien creatures tend to have.
Did mess around with a popsicle stick, but in the end I stuck with the back of a paintbrush and just did a repetitive dot pattern around the inside and some lines on the nose.
Now it's time to cover this in some liquid latex.
Now you're going to put want to put seven layers everywhere but the two eyes and the mouth.
That way you want it nice and thin in those areas so that when you peel it off you can cut it out and it's easy to blend if when it's stuck on your face.
So you leave that for about 12 hours, then once you're done you peel it off nice and Easy Check it on your face to see if it fits.
Okay, it's time to cut out the eyes and figure out where the mouth is.
okay.
So now that you've got that all sorted, it's time to stick a ball cap on your head.
I Learned how to do this by watching Pink Stylus, a magnificent makeup artist.
I Also chucked some tissue paper and latex on my mustache area and chin because the mask felt a bit loose in those areas and I wanted to stick it down, fill it out as much as possible.
I chucked in some contact lenses because hey, why not?
hey, why not?
Now it's time to chuck some of that prosthetic adhesive around your eyes and nose.
Grab that mask, stick it on your face.
Okay, so now once you've given that prosthetic, if he seems a little bit of time to dry, you can press it onto the face.
I'm going to pressing around the nose and eyes areas making sure it's all nice and even now it's time to do the chin.
So paste under the chin some more prosthetic adhesive giving couple minutes are dry, maybe taking a minute just to realize that if you just left the mass like this, you two could be cabbage Mana ever alert for the call to action and once you've done that, you can stick on the chin and then stick on the rest of the mask.
Working from the inside out mass was stuck down properly.
I Painted my lips black and decided to cover the rest of the mask in green face paint.
remember including the neck, the top of the head.
Mine is some help with the back of the head.
That's it.
You're now an illicit man I wore this costume on Halloween and I Have to say I had the absolute best time.
Nothing like a lizard man in the street to get the people talking.
Of course when I was filming this I didn't realize at the time that I was running late for a party till right at this very moment when I just realized oh I'm missing out on free cake I'm gonna go get some free cake.
so instead of finishing the video I ran out the door because this is man never miss out on free cake.
Thanks for watching the video and look forward to seeing you next time.
Bye for now.
