Do not go on that swing because it's just a decoration.
yet the kids always gravitate to that swing.
Bring your own medical kit.
That's what we're doing this weekend building the kids play area.
I'm Andrew I'm Kevin Welcome to Burrow Jacks!
Take advantage of the outdoors.
Our playground is going to have a slackline, a hammock chair, a zipline, a baby bouncer, and a teeter totter.
Something for every kid to enjoy.
You see a lot of rock climbers playing on these things.
they're called slack lines.
The first playground builds called a Slackline length of toe strapping is strung between two trees short distance off the ground.
This will give the kids tight rope style, obstacle and something to challenge their balance and agility.
Okay, let's put you feet on it.
It kind of seems like the sort of thing that give it a few days and you'll get your balance Once we do that I Think we'll be fine on this thing.
The second build is a swinging hammock chair that uses simple climbing gear like ropes and pulleys to allow a person or child to pull themselves up a tree and enjoy the relaxing view.
Show you how there you go.
Take a and a pulley and it's gonna be up on our rope.
That way when you're sitting in the chair you'll have a rope and you'll be able to pull yourself up.
we're getaway chair.
So with a two-to-one pulley I need be able to lift at least half my weight.
you know to get myself up.
the zipline uses a strong metal cable that attaches between two points above the ground.
Once you're hooked in, you can fly across the yard just like your favorite superhero.
So this is quarter-inch aircraft cable.
This is plenty strong.
I Think pulley cable will run through there and we have to build a handle of some sort once we actually get it up.
and I get to see Kevin Zipping.
It's gonna be fun!
My next playground build uses a long rope slung from a tree, groups of rubber tubing, and a harness to make a giant belly bouncer the kids can use to jump to new heights.
I'm gonna rock in a sock see how it works?
That is a hard throw.
know hopefully the tree doesn't come down on top of.
Kevin Something's gonna break our last bill.
Could be used by kids and adults.
We'll start by building a simple teeter-totter but for this one, we use some wagon wheels for movement and I think we can hook our canoe on for easy transport.
For the teeter-totter we're gonna liberate my mum's wagon wheels that are at the end of the road, put our piece of wood across.
All right, let's put the cotter pins in, paint this bar, and start working on the seat.
I Like this one, it's easy, you know.
I Don't feel like we're overwhelmed with a bill at the end of the day.
If all the rest of our stuff doesn't work, this is so gonna be a fun teeter-totter For the kids, let's put those seats on it, you know?
I Think the teeter-totter is gonna work a lot better with the seats faster.
We're not drilling for oil, huh?
You want out out it to Laura down the lake.
Here comes, let's stop hiring and go get in it.
How's it Mom?
Yeah this is amazing I Know Clinger Shower Kurt Here that's true.
Kind of blows.
Totally.
