If you enjoy my channel, you may want to show your support by either checking out my merch store on Spreadshirt comm or becoming a patron via Patreon comm.
Both links are provided in the description: how old are you and what do you rats normally eat I will be 22 years old in two months and my rats usually eat native Earth as their main food I purchase it in 40-pound quantities on pet food.
Direct, calm, sometimes I'll feed them a homemade mix so they don't get bored and sometimes I will give them scraps of my dinner and other snacks.
Favorite coats and colorings I Have to say that my favorite coat is double Rex or Patchwork double Rex I Just think they're so unique looking and beautiful I Can't really say that I have a favorite color or marking though.
I just I Like cute rats, That's it.
Do you plan on getting any other types of pets?
Well, let's just say that I didn't really plan on getting any of the pets I have now.
My cat was kind of forced upon me.
My first guinea pig was a gift.
My gerbils were admittedly and impulse buy.
one of the best impulse buys I've ever had.
They make awesome pets and I love them to death and my mice were rescued.
The only pets of mine that I really planned on were my dogs.
If you could have as many rats as you wanted, how many would you have I think at the moment I do have as many rats as I want I currently have 10 and I'm getting in 11th tonight I believe So I have a lot of rats and I know some people that have a lot more than me.
but right now for me: I have a lot of rats.
I'll show you guys videos of the new rats that I got this past couple weeks and tonight I will show you guys videos of them sometime in the near future.
and I think if I could have as many rats as I want I would only have one and I know that sounds really weird, but let me explain I don't really know how to describe it, but you know I love my rats very very much and I wouldn't be able to give them up if you put a gun to my head.
but I think in a perfect world where rats didn't need good homes as badly as they do or they didn't need to have a friend and I didn't have the extreme desire to acquire as many rats as I can handle I think I would just have one rat that I could have an extremely close bond with and that rat would live for 10 or more years.
Is it true?
If the cage is too big for the number of rats you have, it could cause territorial issues I've never heard of that being an issue.
I'm very active on rat forums and Facebook groups and I've never once heard somebody say that a cage can be too big.
So I'm gonna have to guess that The answer is no.
Wild rats live in very large groups and tend to roam around a lot to find food, but they always come back to their group.
As long as the rats are introduced properly, they should never become territorial.
I actually have two separate groups of male rats right now and they don't live together in the same cage, but they do share playtime together and they don't get territorial over the playpen so I can't really see having an issue with sharing a large cage.
Any tips on keeping the cage smelling decent I use fleece bedding and in the process of litter training, but eventually it smells after a day or two with only two female rats.
I Personally don't use fleece, but I've heard of people using layers to help with odor control.
I Would try putting a few layers of newspaper under the fleece and if that doesn't work, try putting puppy pads under it.
I've heard that rats can chew through the puppy pads in the fleece and the plastic and cotton won't hurt them.
Do you prefer boy rats or girl rats?
I Actually mentioned in my video males versus females that I prefer male rats for a couple of reasons.
If you want to check that out, please click on the screen I Like boys because they're lazy and more affectionate and I would rather sit down and cuddle with my rats than play and interact with them.
I do have girls too, but I feel like personally I can have a stronger bond with boys.
That's it for the questions for now.
Any questions that I didn't answer will be answered in a longer video so that I can give you a more elaborate answer.
And if you want to be featured in a Q&A please write your question in the comment section below.
