So these are the school boards that I talked about putting out I said that we don't have a schoolroom here in that we got these project boards to be able to put up the posters that I got for my little ones preschool activities and so I didn't get enough to do all of my posters because I didn't know if these were going to be big enough, but they were.
And so here's the one that we put together for shapes.
This whole set came from the dollar store.
so this was a dollar.
These little posters for a dollar all together.
you know, like came in a pack and the poster board was dollar.
So then we just glued and tape that and then we glued and taped the colors one the colors when I believe I got from Walmart and it was two dollars and the post-world was a dollar from the dollar store we had to trim these ones.
You might be able to tell that I trim the sides of them to be able to fit because they were really long.
They were all as long as the colors part and and so now we have two boards to be able to use when were doing projects specially designed around shapes and colors.
And so my son's very excited about him.
He was happy to help me with them weren't you when she happened?
Yeah, you were holding them and you help me with the glue with this one, Huh?
Oh yeah, I told him Duke Lewis Ladybugs that's how I was taught times when I was younger.
but um, but um yeah, so this is what it is and then that way they can be folded up when we're not using them and out of the way and not make our whole house look like preschool.
But when they're out, then they're fun and colorful and able to teach him different things.
and he's very excited because he got to help.
So that's what our project boards look like.
And I'm sure for those of you that don't have as much room that these would be a great idea to help you with your schooling.
Maybe not just preschool, maybe.
um, you know older things because you could always do like history projects and stuff with them and put them up and then have them out when you need them and put them away when you don't need them.
So overall, I think it's a good idea to use these when you have lack of wall space.
So yeah, these are our school project boards.
Hope you like them bye you.
