Hi guys, we're here with Gus and Snoopy and Bella and sushi and Charlie and peaches outside somewhere.
Try this down there eating!
I'm about to clean their cage.
it's actually not too too messy, but we're having company over tonight and we don't want them smelling the pets at all.
So I'm gonna get Kerrigan to help me film this so I'll just show you how quickly I can clean.
we need a time check what time is it right now?
it is 20 after 2 and we'll see how fast I can do this All right Here we go.
All right.
So that cage took me 10 minutes to clean.
you can see I didn't clean off the little houses and stuff sometimes I don't if I'm in a hurry which I am today so they get a good cleaning every once.
While they weren't too bad I just good cleaning on them will last time.
So so there's the boys now.
I'm gonna move down to Miss Bella So we're just gonna move the camera All right?
So miss Bella's cage took five minutes.
Now we're moving on to Miss Charlie.
Okay, so it's now 20 to 3 I Just finished Charlie's cage.
Charlie's caged only takes about five minutes even though it's a big cage, but she pretty much just goes in the litter box so that's great.
The boys are all content now.
I'm eating fellas having a little drink there.
So the amount of bedding I use for all those cages was this container.
This was full when I started.
so I don't know exactly how big that is, but you can see the mess I have now on the floor.
so I have to do some sweeping and some vacuuming and some mopping but that's just a quick way to do it.
and then what I do is I just throw I just use two of these garbage or grocery bags and it fills two of those and then I put them inside the garbage bag because our garbage guys have ripped open the garbage bag before and left it by the curb if they know there's bedding in there.
So I have to put it in the paper bags.
your Charlie having a snack and oh I have to get her a paper bag I was give her one of these our grocery store Dobies the bags so they actually last longer for this.
let's go put that in her cage there.
so there's the grocery bag inside her cage and sorry Charlie go in the washer and but she loves that she plays in it she choosing it and it usually lasts the week before she has it chewed with holes all in it.
Hey Snoop, Are you okay?
Are you happy Now your host is Mason teen Are you good?
Suzy Are you good?
Yuki Oh my goodness you just love the rubs.
You just love the rubs don't you?
Yes And Gus could care less he's just busy eating doing some reps to know.
Okay this new cousin, what's going on?
You know, given any room for You sushi got to move a little bit.
you can't lay down to eat I know Gus taught you that those two they get along.
but I think Snoopy's jealous of Gus and sushis relationship I think they get along really well.
There's miss Bella having a snack so they're finally cleaning the cage video for you guys.
So I hope you liked it.
Hope you guys are good doing good.
Today is actually Saturday May 9th so for tomorrow Happy!
Mother's Day to all the moms out there and I'll be back with more videos at some point soon.
Hopefully.
okay.
Take care, see ya.
