Hello in this video I'll be talking about which material I prefer to use in my guinea pig cage.
fleece or Carefresh Now I'll talk about the pros and cons and why I prefer fleece over a Carefresh.
Now the first reason why I prefer fleece.
It's because it's much less expensive than Carefresh.
It depends where you get police, but if you get police, let's say at Walmart where I get it, then it could be under $20 depending on how many yards you get.
whereas Carefresh for a big bag is I'm assuming I I get the medium bags of care first from my hamster which is already $20 So if you get a large bag, it'll probably be over $30 which is a lot really expensive considering that you would have to get a new Care Fresh bag I'm assuming considering how big the cages are and then you have to have a good layer of care fresh.
I'm assuming that you would have to get a new one at least once or twice a month and with fleece, it'll last you my police.
I get probably every month or two and it's much under $30 It depends where you get it at.
Walmart It's definitely cheap and if you have a fabric store near you that sells like cheap and leftover fabric that you can get it.
Really, the reason why it's nice to have a cheap fabric for your guinea pig cage is because it's I I Thought at first that it would be easy to wash the fleece each week, but it gets very dirty and not practical to wash every week.
It's much easier if you just throw it all out once a week and put in fresh new fabric one every week.
And so that's why.
it's nice to get cheap fabric so that you can replace it each week and it won't cost you a lot whereas Carefresh will cost you a lot.
but it's definitely up to you which one, which, which material you want, how much you're willing to spend.
The second reason why I prefer fleece is because there is dramatically less odor then with Care, Fresh or shavings.
I Don't even smell my guinea pig cage because the pee soaks right through the fleece so you don't have the pee smell and that's really what does smell with guinea pigs is the pee.
but you do not smell it at all because it just goes right through the police and it's a lot better.
Whereas Carefresh, you would still smell it.
I assume I'm not I can't give a definite answer because I haven't use Carefresh in here because I knew about the really how expensive it was each week.
so that's why I started with police instead.
but I remember going to friends of mine the house who had guinea pigs and they used shavings and you could smell the pee from down the stairs whereas with police you can't smell it at all.
Now when I say that you can't smell it at all, it is because you have to be responsible with cleaning your cage.
I Clean my cage every night, not like a full clean I Just pick off all the little poops and all the hay on the ground.
That's why it's a bit messy right now because I haven't cleaned it done my daily clean yet but that I do in the evening.
and if you don't do the daily cleans or at least a little bit cleaning each day then I'm sure that you would smell it because that's a lot of poop and droppings on the ground which would definitely create an odor.
But if you're responsible and try to keep the odors down, the police will definitely help keep odors down.
but you also have to be responsible in cleaning out your cage.
That brings me into my third reason of why I Like police better is it's much easier to clean all the droppings and hay and fallen food off the ground, wires and carefresh.
It may be harder to see all the droppings so it would be harder to clean up that mess whereas with police, it's so easy to just spot all the little things so you need to pick up and then it's really quick I Just it takes me about five to 10 minutes each night to clean out the cage and then I'm done and it's looks and smells a lot better.
Now if you're going to use Leafs in your cage for your guinea pigs, this is what I do and this is what I found.
really easy to do that being clean every week cuz so I do daily cleans each day where I just pick out all the little droppings and the hay but then once a week I do the big clean where I replace the fleece and this is what I do.
Okay so I'll show you the layers in my cage.
So if you're planning to use fleece, you can do what I do so on the top layer of my cage I have fleece so just one layer of fleece and then I have a layer of newspapers I usually do like one layer newspaper and then a second layer newspaper just to be more absorbent but you can do one layer newspaper doesn't matter and then I have like kitchen garbage bags as the bottom layer.
so I have the garbage bags at the bottom so that it's easier to roll all of the layers up at the end of the week because what I do at the end of the week is to clean the cage I just roll up all the layers into a big ball and just throw it out and then I put in new garbage bags, new newspaper, and new fleece.
so then it's all fresh and I don't put it in the washer I just that's why you want to get cheap fabric so you can buy it for each week.
and then so we have the newspaper because the pee goes right through the police and we need newspaper to like catch the pee and then the police are just the top layer.
um instead of newspaper?
What?
cuz it gets really wet and like sticky.
So what I'm going to try to do this week is use doggy pee pads to see if they're more absorbent and use that instead of newspaper and all of will I will and you know if the doggy pee pads work out better.
Now the big final clean at the end of the week where I put all the layers and roll it all up and throw it away takes really only about ten minutes.
so it's really, really quick and efficient which is another reason why I really like using fleece whereas with Carefresh you would have to pick it all out by hand and then put it like put a new fresh carefresh in which would excuse me would take so much longer I'm guessing I haven't but I know with my hamster cage, just putting in care first for the hamster takes about ten minutes and that's a small cage but with this huge cage it would probably take about 15 to 20 minutes depending how fast you are.
So I just think fleece is much more efficient.
Alright, that's my opinion of which I prefer fleece or Care Fresh Again, it's your decision of which one you want to buy.
My main concern was how expensive Carefresh is, so that's why I wanted to get fleece instead.
but it's totally your decision on what you're willing to pay and how much time you're willing to take and feel free to take my idea of the layers and of the cleaning at each night.
You will definitely benefit you.
So, um, thank you so much for watching subscribe and if you have any questions leave them in the comments.
Thank you.
