Okay SPD 2-minute difference a lap so long time you see.
First of all I want to apologize for having upload any videos lately but as you can see, I'm in college now I'm a little bit busy but don't worry I still gonna upload videos and today I have a really cool product for you guys.
If you are one of my friends on Facebook you have seen this.
how to make a mess.
Let's go ahead.
Okay Placer Bandages one balloon, air dry clay, a cream acrylic paint and OneNote t-shirt So let's start this first.
make sure that the balloon is a little bit smaller than the size of your heads.
Then apply the plaster bandages in one side of the balloon, make it about three coats, make sure that's very very solid with the clay, start making the shapes of your mask.
My mask is similar to the Predators bio ailment but you can make wherever you want.
You just created a model for our mask and now the fun part, applying the cream to the mask here.
You have to make sure to cover everything with the cream.
then again apply the bandages to the mask.
here.
you have to make sure to cover everything with the bandages except the eyes.
Apply three coats with the plaster and after that to make sure to clean everything.
Okay, peel the mask through the eyes and you should have this here.
You see that I missed a little bit on the right eye with the bandages but I gonna fix that after a little bit working on the sides of the mask now the mask is ready for the paint job.
My mask will be dark grey with little bits of orange.
that's orange.
I Make it with little bits of cotton and then put a layer of dark grey on top of that orange.
And of course yours can be different for the eyes.
You can leave them like that or you can cut a big piece of the bandage making sure that covers the eyes and then I'll glue it on the inside of the mask.
Don't worry, you can see through this.
Even if you painted black you can still see true.
Finally take your old t-shirt and cut six long strips and drill trio's on each sides of the mask like you see here.
Bestest strips through that hole, tie them up on the inside, ask your mom to make a plate on each side and there you go.
Your own personalized mask so you like to mess great!
This is the first time you saw one of my videos of this.
Click here.
subscribe for be notified every time I release a new video and if you want me to build any prop you want, please go to my Facebook page I'm thinking Ak-47 or something to do about ninjas.
Please go there and leave your opinion and that's it for today guys.
I Have to study.
Okay, so subscribe, comment and rate and see you on the next video bye.
