Hi welcome back to my channel!
I Wanted to do a product review on the Miracle Grow AeroGarden and though I was highly skeptical of it in the beginning, it turned out to be a really cool thing.
You can set one of these up anywhere in your house, but it works really well in the kitchen because they have a whole line of herbs which are included in the kit and it's very easy to assemble.
It's only about four or five pieces, it will run you between 140 and 170 dollars.
I believe we purchase stars on Amazon When you get the kit, it comes with these plugs and when you first get these plugs, they're literally seats that are hibernating in the soil.
You fill the water up and it's best to use non-chlorinated or non well water.
I Actually sterilized rainwater.
but I think distilled water would work very well too.
And then you just follow the instructions, adding the one cap of their liquid plant food into the little compartment over here.
and then you can also watch the water fill line in here to make sure that it's always right.
But the cool thing is this keypad you can program and automatically it tells you when to add nutrients.
I Just added yesterday so we have 13 more days before I Have to add nutrients if the water level is okay and it gives you the light cycle so it will actually turn on and off all by itself and circulate the water.
You can kind of hear it, so that way the water doesn't become stagnant so it's a great little add water and stir hydroponic system.
And these herbs are about four weeks old from seed to this and they're really thriving.
The chives didn't survive so what we did.
we cut the bottoms off some green onions and shoved them in there.
but look how dark green that is!
It's amazing.
And it's the middle of winter here and you generally can't grow basil in the middle of winter.
but we have three different types of basil in this and it's really beautiful.
We have some two different types of parsley and we have some mint and we have some dill and all this came came in the in the kit.
So if you're looking for a cool, fresh herb garden that is a pretty self-sustaining I Don't think you can get any easier than this.
I Would highly recommend trying out the AeroGarden from Miracle Grow I Think it's a great way to grow herbs in your kitchen and it's a great way to get introduced to basic hydroponics.
Thanks for watching.
