I want you to look, look, look at the paint job I just got done doing.
hopefully you can see.
I've done this video about two times by my camera I was full and I had to read delete some stuff but um I just repainted the fender of my motorcycle and this is the same paint that I painted it before trying to eat it out here without scratching it.
There we go.
I Want to show you before and after kind of look.
how about that?
huh?
That's pretty good right?
I mean it's decent I mean it's the best I've ever done.
Yeah, so I think that's pretty cool.
I'll lay this right here, zoom out a little bit get really good comparison view I did it all with spray cans and so I'm going to show you here What?
I did check it out, head to your local Riley's and I get yourself some spray can paint and this color here is forest green, pearl and this is the clear coat here and I did it all outside - I did it right there and it's all about wet sanding.
You want to lay some, you know, lay some paint on sand it I got some some wet sandpaper 2000 grit there's a piece I was using a little bit earlier, using your hose just to keep it wet.
keep it sandy.
ten minutes in between coats, let it dry and let's and it it smoothes.
You can get all of that orange peel out of it and then add another dry it off.
I Used a heat gun to get rid of all the moisture.
Just you know lightly.
don't don't go crazy with it or you just peel the paint off of there and then apply another coat of paint.
You know, I'm gonna drive two minutes and it again every time.
Then you apply your finish paint.
sand it women last time.
nice and perfectly smooth.
There's West You know the best as you can get it because that's what's gonna be forever.
Get that, apply your clear coat late on a thick and that's pretty much it.
You know it doesn't really matter about the equipment and all the other stuff have professional equipment.
Isn't that there were spray cans?
it's just about how much time and effort you put into it.
You know, maybe some things make it easier than others, but you know just about how much time you want to sit there and rub on it.
You know?
Thanks for watching Youtube Apparently I'm going to be repainting my entire bike because I can actually do a good job at it apparently so keep you updated with that and I'll show you some progress pictures.
Probably the next one I'll do is the pretty easy one is these side panels.
the little side panels which are on the side in case you didn't know, there's one on each side and then I'll hit the back fender here.
bigger than it looks and then finally I'll get the gas tank cuz you know of course the gas tank is not fun because you have to drain the gas out and all that stuff.
So I am just amazed and what I did?
that's why I had to share it with YouTube Hope you all try it out.
You ever have something you want to thank and thanks for watching.
