[music] Hi, my name is Jeff and I'm Cassandra Love em!
Iraq Today I'm going to be showing you how to first tie your rap and learn how to pop baby in.
The first thing you're going to want to do is find the middle marker.
Once you have a hold of that, you want to run your hand across the edge of the wrap, making sure that there's a fair bit of wrap between your hands.
Put the middle marker to your chest, and this part is going to go behind your elbow, behind your head, over your other shoulder.
and then we're going to do the same thing again.
So move that out of the way and then run your hands over like that so you've got a bit of gift.
Then it goes behind your elbow, behind your head, and over the other shoulder.
Now, believe it or not, we're nearly done at this point.
So what I'm going to do is grab these two pieces, put them through the middle panel, straighten them up, cross them, and you tie at the back.
Now, if there's a fair bit of fabric left over, you can always cross it and tie at the front.
But to keep things simple right now, I'm going to tie at the back.
You always want to double knot it and what we are going to end up with what's your straighten it out at the back is this: so you've got the fabric system flush against your back, There's no twist and we're done now.
I Would like to introduce my lovely assistant Elijah What we are going to do now.
is put him into the barrel position and with your hands you need to find the piece of fabric that is the closest to you.
Reach your hand underneath it and guide the baby's leg through it and cover his shoulder.
And what you want to do is really spread that piece of fabric out so it covers his thumb and it goes from knee to knee.
And then we're going to do the same with this one.
So we're going to reach your hand.
Earthly really spread it out.
so we've got a nice seat for babies and then cut them up over here so you go.
and then the last piece here.
just pop these.
this part owns and his seat size the label and pop it over.
Now how to take baby out?
Just as easy.
You bring this bit down, unwrap, unwrap, and his own.
Oh.
