Hi I'm Willie Galloway a house garden expert and here are my tips for growing a beautiful organic garden today: I'm going to show you how to grow what could be the world's most popular herb.
basil.
basil is a key ingredient in the cuisines of many Southeast Asian countries and of course Italy I Think its popularity is due in no small part to the huge range of varieties and flavors that are available and that it's so easy to grow either in the ground or in containers.
All you need to do is provide it plenty of sunshine and plenty of water.
I'm going to show you how to plant basil from seed in a container, but the technique is the same as if you were going to do it in a garden so it doesn't matter if you're gardening in containers or if you're gardening in the garden bed, you're going to follow the same steps that I show you today.
Here's what you'll need: You'll need a watering can, potting, soil, basil seed, or if you want you can also grow basil from starts: some fish fertilizer which you'll use to fertilize your plants, a spray bottle, a trowel, and of course, if you're going to be growing a basil in a container, you'll need a container to plant the seeds in as well.
Step 1: Like most herbs, Facea likes well-drained soil that's amended with plenty of organic matter and full.
Sun So you're going to want to select a site.
They get six to eight hours a day.
When you're growing basil in a container, you're going to want to choose a high quality soil mix and once you've filled this container with soil, you're going to want to pre moisten the soil.
If you don't pre moisten the soil, it'll slowed up and your basil seeds will have a tendency to all congregate in one area.
So just pour some water in and then mix it around with your trowel.
You just want to get it damp so that the seeds have a nice sticky surface to hold on to.
Out in the garden you can do the same thing.
You can just sprinkle the soil with water after you've amended it with compost and that again.
That'll kind of make the surface of the soil a little bit sticky and make it easier for you to give this needs good contact with the soil.
Step 2: Basil Pouts.
If you plant it in too cool of weather, you're going to need to wait.
so the seed until all danger has Frost is past.
The soil is at least six degrees Fahrenheit and the nights don't fall below sixty degrees.
If you plant too soon, you'll either run the risk of killing basil and a frost or it's just going to sit there because it doesn't like cool weather.
When you sow basil, you're going to take the tiny seeds so you can see they're quite small and you're going to sprinkle them lightly over the soil, trying to space them out as best you can.
Then what I like to do is tamp down the soil and this gives good soil to seed contact.
That's important for germination.
Once I've tapped down the soil, then I'm going to take some compost or fine potting soil and I'm just gonna very lightly sift it over the top of the seeds.
You only want to cover the seeds up with about a quarter inch of soil, so it's a real light covering.
Those seeds are so tiny.
If you put a bunch of soil on top of them, it's going to take them forever to germinate if they germinate at all.
Step 3: After you've sown the seeds, you're going to want to water them in, use a very gentle stream of water.
If you use a very strong stream of water, you're going to float the seeds everywhere and who knows where they'll end up.
So it's important to use a gentle stream of water.
I'm just gonna water them in here with my watering can.
I Also like to use a watering can unless I'm out in the garden instead of the hose because the hose typically just has too strong of a stream of water.
Once you get it watered in and the seeds are wet, it's important to never, ever let them dry out until you see the seedlings sprout.
Step 4: When you grow basil from seed, when the seedlings pop up and they're about two or three inches tall, you're going to want to send them four to six inches apart.
Or if you're planting basil from seedlings, you're going to want to plant them four to six inches apart.
That will give them plenty of room to grow when they get bigger and bushier.
The way to get bushy basil plants to prune them.
And as you can see, basil has what's called opposite leaves.
That means that the leaves come out on opposite sides of the stem.
So when you get, these are called a set of leaves.
So when you get three or four sets of leaves, that's your signal that it's time to start pruning.
So to prune, what you're going to do is you're going to pinch off a top part of the plant.
And where you pinch is important.
So you want to pinch back right above a set of leaves just like that with your nail.
Then you have some basil that you can use in your kitchen, and these two tiny little sets of leaves will turn into their own branches, individual branches.
and they'll continue to grow.
And when they each have three or four sets of leaves, you'll want to pinch them back down.
and then they'll branch again and you'll have a plant that has four, six, maybe even eight branches.
And that's going to give you up to twenty four cups of leaves if you continue to pinch.
So pinching is really important.
If you never pinch your plant, you're going to have a really skinny column of a basil plant when really what you want is a nice bushy plant, because that's how you're going to get the biggest harvest.
Step 5: Basil's what's called a heavy feeding plant.
That means it needs a lot of nutrients so you're going to need to fertilize it during the growing season.
Use an organic liquid fertilizer like fish emulsion.
What you're going to want to do is take the fish emulsion, read the directions on the back of the bottle, and dilute the fish emulsion to the recommended strength for herbs.
So I have some pre diluted fish emulsion here in this spray bottle and I'm going to shake it up really good because it typically likes to settle to the bottom.
and then I'm going to do what's called a foliar feed.
That means you spray it directly onto the leaves of the plant.
and when you foliar feed, it's really important to spray the tops and under sides of the plant.
You really want to coat the whole plant and you're going to want to do this every two weeks for the first two months of the growing season and then once a month for the rest of the summer.
Step six: When you harvest a sole, don't put in the refrigerator, it can turn the leaves black.
What you're going to want to do instead is place the stems of the basil into a jar of water and just set it on your kitchen counter away from direct sunlight.
