Hi everybody!
I'm Chelsea from Art Skills and today I'll be showing you how to make a poster from start to finish.
Sometimes starting a poster can be a little bit overwhelming, but if you follow these steps, I'll show you how to find a great idea, get organized, and most importantly, get you noticed.
Step 1: Choose an idea.
first.
We're going to go to Art Skills Comm and go to the Poster Gallery.
Well, we have thousands of ideas for posters.
We're making a science poster today, so we're going to the science and health sections.
Find one that appeals to you.
Step 2: Prep your workspace.
We're using a drop cloth here to cover our table.
then gather all of your supplies and keep them handy for poster making.
Step 3: Write an effective title.
Choose a title that is relevant to your theme but also shows your creativity.
A creative title such as it's electric for an electricity theme Science Fair project is both relevant and witty enough to get your poster notice.
Step 4: Choose your layout when choosing your layout.
Keep your title vibrant and legible from at least four feet away.
Science fair and contestant judges, as well as regular viewers, must be able to read your poster in order to understand them.
Step 5: Choose a border.
A border around your title can emphasize your poster speed.
You can choose a simple border such as a colored box or here we're using our vibrant red holographic border.
Step 6: Attach text and images.
here.
We printed up some science clipart and attach it to our poster.
Next, we're going to take our glue stick and glue down all of our quick letters so that they stay on our poster.
[Music] Step 7: Jazz it up!
I Think everybody will say that this is their favorite part of the poster making process.
We have a lot of fun products that will help us player to your poster here.
We use a nice technique of using our jitter glue all the way around our picture.
I Like to add a fun 3d effect so I added some extra accents on the inside.
Next we're going to add our glitter shaker to add that extra extra sparkle.
We have lots of other products too that add a lot of character to your posters.
Lights, motion and sound are just the beginning.
If the fritter wasn't enough, how about some poster Flash!
These fun little stars are a really great accent for any poster.
We're going to accentuate the word today on our poster by using our poster lights.
Simply poke through the front and feed the lights through the back.
[Music] I Love our poster lights because they add a lot of excitement to a poster.
Now this is a poster that will definitely get noticed.
For more ideas on how to make posters, go to Art Skills Calm or subscribe to our Channel [Music]
