Previously on customer mods they've had too faded damage paint from motorcycle so you've tasted the whole thing.
Put some primer on it now is in the spray booth.
Pretty good and custom paint job all right.
So I decided to paint my whole bike, the track, race bearings and everything not just the tank in the and the plastic parts.
So I'm going to paint it in a flurry color which was suggested by someone on my last video and I picked the color scheme from the N GM Ford Racing Team Colors I'm a big fan of MotoGP So I thought I'll give this color scheme ago and yeah I'm uh, prepared now.
clean the oil with wax and grease remover.
I'm about to spray some 2k transparent sealer on it which is going to help the new paint stick and then I'll be ready to start my color scheme.
So let's do it.
The 2k Cielo is like a niche promoter but a lot better quality to that.
I like to put that down, especially when I'm asking outlines that helps the paint stick a lot that up.
We've got a lot of black in this colors game.
Bring this bright black down to us to pull the pots.
then I'll be ready to start mopping up my best time data people.
Well, they're all the file tents.
Okay, so just master that.
all about lines now.
I'm going to do my first color but first we're going to spray white down one down first because the fluo colours really need to go over a white base to get the fire reflective book.
So instead of just playing it over black I'm going to kind of white and I'm then British my bluest now I'm using the spray cheap fluorescent colors.
Spray Cheap is an Australian company it's made in Australia and they provide quality custom paints including candies, curls, and many other custom tanks.
and yes, good start.
Okay, so now I'm masking up my lines for the next color.
I've done the orange or red actually thread for yours something watches something a letter color scheme now.
hopefully it all works out an excuse.
Okay, so most of what I won Lansford what?
and already carried one through Dude zero colors by spreadsheet our bass player.
it's a clearer debate color.
so I'm going to spray the bass down first, then let that dry for about ten to fifteen minutes.
then I'll spray a clear coat on top.
Okay, now I'm going to spray a two-pack satin tweeter.
It's going to be about 50 cent gloss so it's not going to be full gloss, but it's still going to do the 2-pack detection and that's because the fuel resistance and chemical resistance.
Great for motorcycles.
Well there you go.
I Paint my bike in a Fluro color scheme I had a real damage paint work to start with so I paint stripped it all off, got it down to bare metal at bare plastic.
then I painted the whole thing in the color scheme I wanted using a Fluro color made sure I Got a white base down first, put the fluro on top of that and then try to sweep it on top.
So that's how you paint your colors.
Make sure you get that white down first, put the fluo on, then you put a clear coat on to protect it.
So I'm yeah pretty ho with the with the finish and next time you.
