Hi I'm Harrison and I'm Kevin and today in our video we're going to show you how to set up a slack line.
So for the first of our video, we're going to show you how to set up the slack line safely and so you can enjoy the sport.
So, the equipment you're going to need to set up your slack line are three oval carabiners, one repel ring or wrap ring, two pieces of webbing that'll fit around trees with each end having an overhand knot on a bite.
If you don't know how to tie these knots, see the link below and it'll show you how.
you're also going to need your one line which will be slack lining on and in one end of this, you'll have to tie an overhand knot with a bite.
It's really important to protect the trees while slacklining, so use some towels or cardboard or something to pad the trees so you don't harm them.
Now that you've got all your gear, let's head outside and set up our slackline.
First, you're going to want to find two trees that are about 30 feet apart.
First, grab a carabiner, a short piece of webbing, and a towel for some tree protection.
wrap the towel around the tree at about waist height, then grab a short piece of webbing and wrap it around the tree.
Now, take your carabiner and clip it through the two loops just like that.
Next, take the looped end of your 50 foot line, clip it in to the carabiner, put the line over your shoulders to keep it nice and flat, and walk towards the other tree.
Now, do the same thing that you did on the other tree while a friend holds the lawn.
In this case, it's Kevin.
Next, grab your wrap ring and your final carabiner, stand about a wingspan away from the tree, make a bite in the line, put the bite through the wrap ring, now, wrap it around once more, and stick your carabiner through the loop.
Here's another look at how to put the bite through the wrap ring while setting up your line.
First, take your bite, then your wrap ring, put the bite through the ring, bring it around, keeping the bite steady and through again, making sure everything's nice and clean, and then stick your carabiner through this loop here.
Okay, now that we have everything set up, we're going to make a simple pulley system to do that.
keep your lines straight and flat, and clip it going up from the first strand from there.
bring it back to your carabiner that you put on your wrap ring and clip it going down.
Double back to your first one, flip it again, going up, and then tuck it under the first loop.
This is create friction that will make it stay in the end.
Go back again to your wrap ring, clip it in, and again put it under the loop that you made before and now we have our simple pulley system.
Now that we have the pulley system set up, you're going to want to take and wrap it around your hand once or twice and pull it tight.
This is where having multiple people can be really helpful so you don't have to pull as hard and now we're ready to slack.
once you're done slacking to take it down, take the loop and push it through the carabiner up and then give it a tug and you'll snap a loop out down the other side again.
Just give it a tug and everything will come undone.
We hope you enjoyed our video on slacklining.
Just remember to have fun, be safe, and protect the trees.
