[music] Hi guys, this is going to be a very quick video on making a cheap and very frugal homemade exfoliating mask.
Basically what this will do is take the top layer of your skin off all the dead cells and it will reveal a much brighter and sort of more glowing, fresher layer of skin underneath.
When you think how expensive lotions and potions and things are in the shops, this is really really cheap compared to them.
All you need is some bicarbonate of soda not baking powder.
It's got to be the soda optional for a bit of honey.
Again, the best quality ones you can get the better, but I'm just using a normal sort of Sainsbury's won some porridge, oats and if you like also a bit of water and all you need to do is take a teaspoon so not the bigger ones a slightly smaller one.
So you want to take a teaspoon of soda just like a level one and I've got a pot there I'm going to put one in and then you need to take two of the oatmeal porridge out things so one fish two, then you can either mix it with honey or with water if you don't have any honey.
I Like using honey, it's a great ingredient for skin, it will just soften it all back up again, especially after you've rubbed it on with the soda which is quite abrasive on the skin.
So I'm just gonna take nice base that's about a level slightly less than a level teaspoon and just mix iron and you know you don't need a lot of the mixture.
I mean if you think about your skin and how you know smaller surface area is, then you really don't need a lot of this mixture.
I'm going to put a bit more honey so that's probably about the second one there.
and then what I do is I take it in the bath.
What?
You could take it into the shower and let it sort of sit on the side for a moment and then it will sort of start to heat up a tiny little bit and then you can just rub it onto your skin.
No, it was rubbish at the moment, but it isn't and you can mix in a bit of water if you want if that's kind of like tea thick.
CA you can water it down with just a bit of normal light tap water and stuff.
Okay, so I'll show you it in a minute when I've mixed it all in.
Okay, so here's the finished finished mixture: I've added a bit of water to it and given it a bit of a stir.
Doesn't that bring us in the camera?
But actually in real life it doesn't look that bad.
doesn't look that fun.
Boy, it looks more brownie.
There you go.
you can see it when I stir a bit but basically then you want to take this into the bathroom with you or apply it straight on your face.
whatever you want and you basically you would just massage that into your skin I'd say sort of each patch of skin.
you know about ten seconds to 20 seconds and just really just massage the skin because that will make your skin a bit brighter as well because the blood all will go to your face and you know, help regenerate the cells quicker as well.
So you want to do that and then you want to rinse it off thoroughly with sort of lukewarm water.
and then when you are finished, you just want to pat your face dry and try not to scrub it dry.
or or do you know like that sort of action on your skin.
You just want to Pat it because it's much much gentler then That's it.
You'll have nice glowing skin and you know for however much this cost less than 10 P You know it's such a fantastic homemade way of doing it.
Okay, hope you enjoyed.
[Music]
