Hi Lorelai Hello Hello Red!
Okay so I'm going to show you guys how I wear coral I in the stretchy wrap this is a my Texas I can find it.
My tag says sleepy Wrap on it but they've been renamed and now they're called boba Wraps icing.
So here is just like a baby.
but it's a different brand.
it's the boba wrap.
It's a boba brand.
So I start out I find the middle which is easy to do with mine because it has the tag in the middle.
Okay so I've got it folded in half I got the opening on the top I've got the tag in the middle I put it on my waist I'm going to bring it around my shoulders around.
so I've got an X in the back, take it and I'm going to shove these on the inside.
So now I'm got and it looks like this ah oh so then I've got and it looks like this.
got my exes in the back and you can straighten these out.
They don't have to be perfectly straight, but if you want to fix a little bit, you can excellent that now I Found the key to this wrap being comfortable is I have to make sure I tie it super super tight.
so I've got it like this but it cross and now I'm going to mine super long.
so I have enough fabric to bring it around in the front I'm going to tie it.
so now I've got a time like this looks like this.
alright and then I'm gonna get coral up all right.
So I have coral.
Ah, here she is.
She's four months old and um, you start out with the strap that's closest to you.
so in that this case would be this one.
I'm going to put her leg in here.
then I'm going to stretch this aisle and stick her other leg in this one.
Yep, that's one.
and then once she's in, I'm going to stret stretch it out from her knee and stretch it across her butt.
I'm going to do the same thing with this one.
She is trying to eat my necklace so now I've got her in here like this.
Her legs are in a nice 90 degree frog shape and then you're gonna take this bottom part with the tag and you're going to pull this up over her, stick her feet in what do you doing feeling girl.
All this stuff okay Oh and then you can stretch these out if you want over your shoulders and their changes.
here's what looks like back and then if she were to fall asleep which she does, everyone smile.
you can cover her head up at my door now because she will hate me if I try to do that.
So that's how it.
we are facing inward and now I'll put her in facing outward.
Mmm so take her out.
just pull this down.
you're out like this.
but in she's out and she's ever okay.
Now show you how I wear her outward.
So I have the exact same I just took her out and it's the exact same start up and then the only difference is you face her outward and you stick one leg and one strap.
are you getting excited and the other leg and the other soap.
you stretch things out a little bit.
Stretch this out we go.
So then you've got it like this and then um you just bring this the seatbelt up again OOP feet doing issues like mom, what are you doing you doing and then she's like this so aim that's how she where is it takes time to look up they Hawkeye fans oh hello.
