[music] But this recipe with which we need some brown sugar, make sure that it's fine green brown sugar.
We're also going to need some olive oil and we're going to need Tea Tree Oil, Peppermint Oil, and last of all, Vitamin E oil.
The brown sugar acts as the squirrel particles for the cretan, the gravy part of the scrub, and it acts as the exfoliator.
Actually, you can use oatmeal, but I do not agree to using oatmeal, especially for our type of hair.
It's very hard to rinse off, so you want to take just about 4 tablespoons of brown sugar and this brown sugar.
it will rinse off, so don't worry about it.
Next, you want to take about 2 tablespoons of the Extra Virgin Olive Oil, followed by a quarter teaspoon of the Vitamin E oil.
You also want to have a quarter teaspoon of the Tree Tree oil.
or you can just do about five drops of the Tea Tree oil.
You want to add about 1/8 of a teaspoon or Peppermint oil.
We are all done.
You proceed to mixing all the oils together with the sugar and this is where your scrub is going to look like.
I Start off with my air in four quadrants and start working with it.
The first thing that I do is I spritz my hair with just a little bit of water and the reason why I'm doing that is because my hair is not detangle.
So I do want something to suck to my hair so I don't end up breaking my hair then.
great for my scalp.
I'm going to use a rat tail comb so that I can get a good look at my scar.
So I've divided my hair and I'm just going to use my claw clip to just hold it.
another can see because I've not been taking good care of my scalp purposely.
You can see that as some flakes and some dryness in there.
So this is what happens when you don't take good care of your scar.
I'm going to take a little bit of water and just spritz onto the scalp area.
Take my mixture can apply to my scalp I'm just uh, playing a little bit and under my applying it you can see I'm just using the part of my finger to gently massage it and that's it.
So you proceed to doing this throughout your scar.
[Music] I often do I do this I do this whenever I seem that my scope is behaving funny I Don't have a set schedule, but if you want to schedule regular, you know times that you do this.
you can try to knit once a month and then if you think you need it.
maybe like every other week, but I won't do it too after.
