Hey guys, Bohemian Rat here and today I'm gonna be showing you how I make my Double Critter Nation cage liners.
This is my first time using U-haul furniture pads in my cage liners.
I've heard that they're very absorbent and can help reduce smell and I figured I would give them a shot I Haven't looked up any sort of videos or tutorials on how to make them, so this is basically just me kind of winging it and figuring it out as I go So I thought I would just kind of make a video how I decided to make them I decided to basically make kind of a pillow case of two different phases and then sandwich the U-haul pad in between them I Think this will make for easy removal of U-haul pad as well as easy washing.
in case the pillow case itself gets kind of chewed or anything like that, it'll just be easier to remove and wash. Hope you enjoyed the background video of my rat's fighting and let's get into it.
First, you're gonna need a U-haul pad.
They cost just under $8 You can order them online and as you can see, they're pretty big so you can make an entire cage set if not more with just one U-haul pad.
I actually bought three so for 20 bucks I got a heck of a lot of fabric.
so basically lay out the cage trays on top of the pad and then just cut out the sizes.
Then once you have the U-haul pad cut out, you're gonna want to lay it on whatever fleece you have.
This can be fleece from the store old blankets.
The two sides don't even have to match as shown here.
Then up next, you're gonna want to pin both of the right sides together for each according square.
and then you're gonna go ahead and sew those two squares together.
However, you're gonna want to leave one end open just like a pillowcase.
You want to be able to put the U-haul pad inside.
Then you're going to use the side that you left open to turn it right-side out.
This whole process is pretty similar to the way you would make a hammock.
Once you finish one, you're going to go ahead and just do all the other ones the exact same way.
Then once you have your two fleece sides in a pillowcase style, you're gonna slip the U-haul pad right inside.
You're going to want to make sure that you make the to fleece sides a little bit bigger than U-haul pad itself.
so that way it's easier to slip the U-haul pad inside.
[Music] [Music] From this angle here, you can see all three layers and how it's pretty absorbent.
When you put this in your cage, you can just use binder clips to pin it down to the cage pans or trays.
Also, in the near future, hopefully before Christmas I will be putting out a Christmas cage tour.
So if you want to see what these look like in the cage itself, stick around for that.
Thanks for watching!
Feel free to comment like subscribe and share and see you later.
