Hello and welcome to our Origami Iris video.
The Origami Iris is really just the same as origami.
Lily This is just a different way of making that same flower instead of starting where the water balloon base will start with a square base with the open side up and then we'll first make a squash fold as we're showing here.
Make sure you crease that nice and flat.
Now, flip the paper over and repeat that squash fold on the back side and again crease that.
Well, we're going to do that two more times with this piece.
so fold the flaps across and give the two more squash holes just like the first to increase the whole piece nicely.
Now pull the flaps over until the pieces symmetrical like this I will fold in the two top edges we're showing here, then fold the bottom point upwards like this, then unfold that and fold the top folds as well.
I will take the top points and fold that downwards to the bottom point and we'll make a squash fold again.
As we do this, let's crush this flat.
I'll flip the piece over and do that on the backside.
So top edges in want to point upwards, unfold fold the top point down.
Next, washbowl, you're going to do that two more times.
So fold the flaps across and then again top edges in by two point hub squash fold down.
So how difficult?
just takes a while.
So one more time.
So now the piece should look like this and we'll now take the bottom points and fold them upwards so there should be four So there's one and that's to pull the flaps over.
That's three and looks not there.
Fold it too far, should be here.
Yep, fold up, that's four.
Okay, now we're going to take the left and right edges and fold them into the center line like this: I'll flip the piece over.
You can do it.
Going to do it three more times.
One, two, and third for total of four times.
So now we're just going to hold the bottom of the pieces, start unfolding the petals of your iris.
so there's four of them just and fold like this.
That helps to curl each petal over your finger as we're showing.
Or you could use a pen or pencil.
And there you have it, your origami iris is complete.
Enjoy!
