Yo yo Yo!
Whoa.
Today's Veda prompt is just food for thought, which is supposed to be like talk about what food you like or something, But I thought instead we would talk about our favorite actual food for thought.
What we like to think about the most.
I do some coding like Html and Php and all that whatever.
I like to think about science in relation to that sort of how everything works together.
kind of like tags and stuff like that work in code.
To me it seems like oh, that's probably like God's code.
the way that Nature and all the smaller parts of nature and larger parts of nature and stuff like that.
all of that work together.
Kind of like a code to make the world that we live in.
huh?
That's interesting.
Hey guys, what do you like to think about everything?
Everything.
It's good to think about.
You like to think about sciency things, don't you?
Hot dogs?
You like to think about hot dogs.
I don't think you really think about hot dogs.
I think you guys like to use your imaginations.
Yeah, actually I like thinking about like stuff like how does it happen or something like how things work.
Yeah, yeah, I've noticed that you like to look at things and try to figure out how they work.
Personally, I like to think about truths just I don't know, contemplating God, how he works and and how he works in the world, and all that kind of stuff.
I like to think about quantum physics type things, string theory and other dimensions, imagine things that could be.
and the other thing I like to think about is relationships.
Like how people work, what makes people tick, Dynamics in different kinds of relationships.
Those are my favorite foods for thought.
Let us know in the comments below.
what's your favorite food for Thought: It's really cold here.
No, not at all.
Why are you doing that?
Making the kids?
I think we're all too cool to sing.
There we go.
Hey, we escaped the crazy wind and came to the church building.
Here We go with the pregnant ladies.
Oh poor travel.
Somebody's kicking him in.
Look, hey vultures, I'm gonna lay the smackdown on the stomping.
All right.
See you tomorrow.
What does it taste like?
