Hey YouTube we're going to do a tip.
Hosea Man Angel a while back asked about how to protect your tank.
A lot of folks have tank bags and especially these magnetic tank guys have a tendency to stretch out the paint on your tank.
I Don't do it I Don't do this procedure all the time, but it I do it my longer trips where it's going to be dusty and the bag will rub against the paint really cause scratches.
You do this for every day if you want.
So I'm going to show you what I do to protect my tank or even can be used on the side panels for saddlebags.
that kind of thing.
Whether there's some type of contact with paint you can, you can use this.
uses little trick if you love.
so as you can see, these are pretty well protected.
The coatings that they had on here I Don't know if they're high-tech or what, but they're like a rubberized coating, but still.
when you've got these magnets on there, it doesn't hold the bag perfectly still so you got a chance for abrasion.
Even when you clamp down these magnets, they do tend to thunk and they they have a chance of nicking your paint.
So that's what we're going to try to protect against.
We're going to try to cover the surface and keep it from from getting completely messed up.
So fear the things you're going to need.
Number one: the sharp instrument.
I'm going to use my jackknife because that's what I'm used to use it exactly when I feel probably better.
A sharpie something pen felt it probably.
Here's the heat of the whole thing.
This is clear.
contact cable used to call contact paper.
use it to like line shelfs.
With this particular stuff here says you can use it for covering paper type items.
What I like about this versus the old-style contact paper is it's reusable.
so if you're on a trip and you're going to be on and off the bike and you're not necessarily going to be worried about all the time to peel this off and save it and reuse it.
Second thing, that's good about having this reusable type paper.
It doesn't leave a horribly sticky residue on your tank.
It's a very light blue look.
It's enough to keep it in place, but it works very well.
Alrighty.
so we've got all our little pieces here.
We'll get our paper laid out think it matters, which is which.
This is actually.
The plastic side of the paper that holds the plastic for you is face down and rolled up for a while so it's giving me a little bit of trouble.
So get our bag up here.
Yes.
Laid out pretty simple so you just want to go around trees.
It ain't got to be perfect.
In fact, if you little fat with it, just that much more coverage that you're going to have.
Probably want to be careful that you don't get short.
be on your on your nice bag.
then I'll play.
And obviously pretty straightforward, cut it up all lying around I was never very good at staying within lines playing coloring book session.
so excuse me if I'm not perfect with this now.
I Use this for my tank bag.
Like I said, you can use your side panels side panels for the saddlebags.
Concerned about that?
I use it underneath I have a front fender bag I put my tire to bag you use on the guy see our F250.
it's a plastic fender and I do the same kind of thing for that to keep that protected and it's actually kept it just about brand new.
So you kind of get the picture here.
I'll get this, get this punched out, and then we'll we'll put her on the V-strom I Can show you how it looks.
so now it's simply like pulling a part of detail and your weight on it.
Thanks The way you want like I said out of law, a little large on how I did that ain't gonna look perfect, it's just got to cover the surface that you want to protect.
So this bag actually folds up a little bit.
so I'm probably a little a little bit longer than I need to be on the back end of this see how I'm moving it around.
That's one of the cool things about this particular stuff.
I can take it off and click back on like I was saying before.
so you got that there like that now.
just lay your vibrate on top and you're set to go.
Now there's probably some people out there saying how in the heck are you going to gas in there I'll show you in a sec.
So once again, there's probably somebody out there saying how you're going to get gas in here because it's all covered up.
I'll simply just score.
Careful that you don't park up your tank to score right around the gas opening.
This one has a key port.
also need to open that up.
Actually, you could just probably just peel the whole thing back because you know this area up here is not really prone to getting scratched.
We need to cut the whole thing out.
Like I said, ain't got to be pretty, but now got full access to your gas area.
You got a good coating all the way around your tank.
Like I said I Use this for longer trips.
You can use it for everyday use, but it all the magnets still still grip on and it gives you a really affordable protection against scratching, chipping stuff like that if you're really concerned about that kind of thing.
Some folks don't care.
It's a motorcycle that's going to get beat up and it's just clear plastic that goes over paper like this comes in a roll.
It's about three or four bucks a roll.
for like 50 yards or something like that, you can get it in kitchen stores, hardware stores, grocery stores Walmart or whatever Mart You're living there you can.
You can probably find it there if you look so like subscribe share I Appreciate you watching hopefully I Didn't Boria and Adios.
