Go tonight!
I'm going to talk to you about my favorite rap that we sell at Papoose and that is the Moby Wrap Many people are confused by or intimidated by this huge amount of fabric, but don't be because it is very simple and it is as I said, one of my favorite wraps.
Um, it is great for anybody that has a back problem because it comes over both shoulders.
it holds a baby especially a newborn or a preemie so close to your body and and holds them very securely.
Um, it's a great rap for mom or dad.
There's no sighs so it works for really anybody.
So I'm going to show you how it works.
It comes out of the bag.
All this long piece of material in the middle of the rap is the tag that says Mobi and that is your guide for where the middle of the rapids.
That's going to go right around your middle.
From there you're going to take it behind your back, cross it over and bring it up over your shoulders.
not so hard.
So we made it a band around her waist.
We went around her back, crossed it, brought it up over our shoulders.
We would make sure it's snug.
Next step, take one side of the wrap and put it through the belt that you made.
Next step you take the other side and put that through the belt that you made again, making sure that everything is nice and snug and secure.
From here you're going to cross it again, this time in the front.
What you've done now is you've made what's going to be the little seat for your baby.
We've crossed it over Now we're going to go around the back.
You can tie it here, but if you've got extra fabric, you can bring it around the front and tie it again here.
You always want to tie it in a knot because that is going to make sure that the wrap it stays on and is very secure.
From here you can fold up to unfold the fabric rather and now you're ready to put your baby in your wrap.
I Have here our demo baby from Papoose and I'm going.
This is about a seven pound baby Um, that we use for demoing for usage of slings.
Um, because my baby who is 11 years old and running this camera certainly would not fit into this rack.
Hi!
So right now we're going to take baby and put baby up on my shoulder, we're going to take the fabric that is closest to your body as the first piece that we're going to cover around the the baby.
So we're going to take one of baby's legs and put it through that first little batch of material and and slide the material over so baby's leg comes all the way through.
It's nicely covered here and comes up partially over the back.
The next site, we're going to put babies other leg through and cover up with the remaining material from that side, but we're not done yet.
Baby probably feels very secure at this point, but we're not done quite yet.
Then we're going to take that belt that we made at the very very beginning and come up over babies back.
baby is very secure.
Now This is how baby looks from the thigh Barry snuggled in nice and tight.
If baby's head is is to the side and babies wanting to sleep and we don't want their head to Bob around.
we can always pull the material up and hold it very snugly right against my body I can literally bend over and this seven pound doll is like stuck to me.
Not that I would do this in real life, but you could I Mean if you want to pick up some toys you'd have baby on you, you can always put a hand up for support, bend down, pick some, or you know you're totally hands-free to do other things around the house, help your other child, get things cleaned up in the kitchen, attend to some laundry.
This really is your most hands-free wrap.
This is perfect for babies up to about four months.
This hold right here.
Our bag that comes with the Moby Wrap does come with a beautiful booklet that illustrates many of the other holds, but this is the basic first hold for, um, the Moby Wrap I.
Hope you don't feel as intimidated anymore about using the wrap.
We're always there a boost to help you.
Um, and it's one of my favorites.
It's my favorite rap.
Come on in and grab one and we'll show you how to use it.
