[music] Hi I'm Sophie Uliana, author of Gorgeous Sea Green and I'm excited to show you how to make a gentle exfoliating scrub for your face.
It's a facial scrub and it's gentle enough that you can use it almost every single day.
And the kicker is that you can make it out of ingredients that you probably have at home already.
so it's very, very inexpensive.
so these are the ingredients that you will need.
We're going to start off with a hundred and ten grams of boat meal.
I Suggest you try and use instant oatmeal because the flakes are smaller which is better for this scrub.
60 grams of dried lavender flowers.
so if you grow lavender in your garden, dry them.
Save them.
They'll come in very useful.
We've got 60 grams of powdered milk and then we have 2 teaspoons of cornmeal and that is it.
So let's put it all together now.
so you're simply going to take: I Found this jar I Like these pretty mason style type of jars, but you can use any kind of glass or even plastic jar that you like.
The reason I'm putting it in this one is that I'm actually going to make this as a gift and I think this makes the most wonderful gift birthday, holiday gift for anybody and what you might want to do when you make it up is put a little label with the ingredients so when the recipient has finished, she or he can then make their own again.
So put in the oatmeal the instant oatmeal now I'm putting in the lavender flowers and I'm going to give it a good mix.
Oh it smells so good.
And now I'm putting in the powdered milk.
Now, powdered milk is magical as an exfoliator because it contains a lactic acid which is a very, very effective exfoliating agent.
So carefully put that in and then finally I won't put in my cornmeal and also in a glass jar like this.
It looks so pretty as well.
and when you put the whole thing together, if you're doing it as a gift, you might want to tie a little bit of ribbon around with that label.
So we're stirring it all up.
And of course, this sort of scrub this facial scrub would cost you could cost you an arm and a leg in a beauty store.
one of those fancy Beauty straws.
so not for us because we've made it out of kitchen ingredients.
So there you have it, a beautiful, gentle facial exfoliating scrub.
It's gentle enough that you can use it every single day.
So come visit me at Gorgeously Green Calm for more recipes, tips and tricks You.
