In this plot over here: I'm growing a spinach called New Zealand spinach and unlike traditional spinach, this is more like a vine and this thing is a prolific grower.
So if you're looking to grow spinach grow so easily, in fact, you look over here.
I've got lots of little seedlings that I need to pull out because this is these rows represent other things like beets and carrots and so I need to pull those things out but in between I'm growing some broccoli.
so I think that as long as I keep the spinach under control I should be able to grow it, but I just wanted to show you what it looks like growing and then we'll go into the kitchen to see what.
to me what I'm doing here is I'm just steaming the spinach because I want it to be wilty and so I just have a pan here and I put some water in it and then I'm just gonna put the cover on it and let it steam.
So the next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add the spices in the binder which is just basically two eggs.
Next, I'm gonna add some spices and I'm going to add dehydrated onion I Like a lot of onions, you could use real onion but I'm lazy today so I'm not gonna chop it up and then I'm gonna add garlic granulated garlic again.
you can use fresh but I'm just gonna use the dehydrated stuff and then I do like my onion powder as well as good old pepper and some salt Himalayan salt better for you.
it's the pink stuff and then I'm gonna add some nutritional yeast.
You could add cheese but I'm not gonna add cheese cuz I'm lactose intolerant.
so I'm gonna add the nutritional yeast which is gonna give it like a cheesy flavor.
and I'm gonna go get some chili pepper flakes coz I like it spicy.
so I'm gonna go ahead and add that into and then I'm gonna go ahead and just mix this up all right.
Then I'm gonna chop up my spinach and add that too.
So here's my spinach and I'm just gonna go ahead and squeeze this out.
I ran it under some cold water already and I'm just squeezing it out because I want to get the extra liquid out.
Okay so I finally chopped up the spinach and so I'm gonna go ahead and add it to this mixture like that.
and then for the goodness part is the pinko Japanese breadcrumbs.
So I'm going to add about a quarter cup then you're just gonna stir it.
really good, smells good cuz I'm all the spices.
you want to be able to form a patty with this.
so I'm gonna add just a little whoops.
sorry a little bit more breadcrumbs to it.
but you get the idea.
Okay, form some patties and put them in the pay.
so you're just basically cooking this so that the egg cooks.
and if you don't want to make patties you could also put this in a like a little casserole dish and you can make like a quiche out of it That way is also very good.
like you know, like one of those Pyrex rectangle pans.
You could do that.
That's a really okay so how does this taste?
I'll just take a little bit right off here.
Mmm delicious.
Definitely make these next time you have a lot of spinach.
or even if you are looking for a new veggie dish.
it's really really good.
All right.
I Hope you enjoyed this video.
Thanks for watching as always I encourage you to share and if you'd like this video, please like it and add a comment.
Love hearing from you.
Until next time take care.
