Hey guys!
So I'll just moved into new place, she's still totally in boxes as you can see I have a lot of cleaning to do even if sure I'm pretty sure she wouldn't be cooking so I'm gonna bring them a base.
CD and today I'm going to show you guys how to make it perfect.
Welcome!
Yeah, thank you so much man!
Through food today I'm Meg and I'm passionate about finding easy, healthy, delicious recipes for kids, so let's talk about our ingredients.
We have a whole lot of spinach, some low-fat chicken sausage if you can buy involved.
Awesome!
Otherwise the links are fine, you just need to squeeze it out of the casings.
We also have crushed tomato and diced tomato, low-fat mozzarella which is already been shredded, an onion which has already been chopped, and finally I'm using some castelia pasta today, but you can really use any sort of short tubular pasta.
Let's start it.
As I mentioned, the chicken sausage needs to be out of the casing, so if you can only find on the casing, I'm going to show you how to remove it.
Just going to take it.
It's just a thin wrapper and you're going to squeeze sausage out and then once your sausage is ready, you can start getting the sauce ready.
So I'm going to get the water boiling for pasta and also the heat on for our sauce.
I've got just a drop of olive oil in the pan so that the chicken sausage doesn't stick and once that's hot, you're just gonna add your chicken sausage and it's in big clumps right now.
so I'm just going to break it up with the back of my witness spoon.
so we're just going to let this.
Brown and then we'll add our onion.
Okay, so I see, it's starting to get a little bit.
Brown So I'm going to add a little bit of liquid into the pan J I'm just using chicken broth, but you can use wine.
You're not running into a pregnant person.
I'm just going to rub with my spoon and get all the brown stuff off.
There's a lot of flavor in there.
The sausage is looking great.
so I'm going to put my onion in now.
I'm just gonna saute this until the onions are pretty soft.
If you like the flavor of garlic, absolutely add in a clove of garlic.
It will change.
Polish it the I'm gonna start looking really soft and translucent some and go ahead and add my tomatoes in there.
and then I'm going to season it with some salt and pepper.
Once everything's in there, you're just going to want to cook it for about 15 minutes to let the flavors incorporate and also to let some of the liquid cook down while that's cooking.
I'm just going to get my pasta in to cook as well now.
I'm going to cook it until it's al dente according to the package directions because it's going to cook longer in the oven so you want to overcook it.
The next step is to add the spinach, but before I do that.
I'm actually going to get a couple of basil leaves for extra flavor.
I'm going to put them in here.
If you have frozen cubes of pesto in your freezer, you can totally use those.
or you can leave this out all together.
Just a nice flavor.
Now we're ready for our spinach.
It's a lot of spinach, so you just get it all in there and it will wilt right down.
Now the spinach is wilted and the sauce is ready and I'm just going to move it to the side so it looks like the pasta is done.
So I'm just going to turn the water off and drain the pasta.
So once our pasta is drained, we're just going to add it right to our sauce and then you just mix everything together really easy.
It's such a colorful sauce and so full of flavor.
Once it's all mixed, you're just going to put it right into a pan today.
I'm using a disposable pan because I don't want L to have to do any dishes tonight.
You can dump about half of the pasta right into the pot and then I'm going to cover it with some mozzarella.
The pastas in there.
You're just going to sprinkle half of your mozzarella over the flare and you guys, this smells so good.
I Can't wait for Al to try it.
Once the mozzarella is in there, all you have to do is out the rest of your pocketbooks and then finally the rest of our mozzarella right over the top.
All right, you're ready to go.
You're all set with your mozzarella.
You can grab some aluminum foil and cover the top of your pan and the next step is to get in the oven.
All right.
So my ovens been preheated to 375 degrees, Then I'm going to put the TV in there for about 30 minutes until it's bubbling and actually already have one prepared so you guys don't even have to wait since out of the oven it's bubbling.
it's delicious and I'm really tempted to try it, but I'm going to save it for Allen See what you think?
Hi, what do you guys?
Spinach?
The chicken sausage.
This is awesome!
Thank you so much!
Costa Can you see?
Thank you!
Thanks for watching guys!
I'm really hoping that this makes out like just a little bit easier tonight and I'm hoping that Presley really loves the CD because I know it's one of my kids favorite dishes.
Hope you guys give it a try too and don't forget to subscribe!
Thanks for watching guys!
Good luck!
Brookes DUI Secret please!
New room can go in if you want sweetie.
Brookes is like there's too much girl stuff to enter There you.
