Here's a story to make you smile on this: Saturday night.
Calling All Pets it is National Blood Donor Month of that means pets in the Bay Area are doing their part.
Owners brought their four-legged friends to the Blue Pearl Veterinary Partners in Tampa today to give the gift of life for four-legged friends.
Here's newsChannel 8's Paul Muller Well, you might be asking yourself, why on earth are dogs and cats donating blood because just like humans, they may need it in their time of need to for Elaine Beaulac The whole idea came as the surprise: I was a blood donor years ago I had no idea that dogs could donate blood.
Man's best friend helping man's best friend.
It can make a difference.
They can save dogs lives and it's easy for them to do and it's just all about the love for them.
Elaine Brought Belva here to Blue Pearl on Saturday her days on the racetrack may be over, but now Belva has more important work to do.
She's a retired racer, but mom makes her work in retirement.
I Feel like it's very important for us all to give back.
Just like humans, pets get life-saving transfusions.
The donated plasma and red blood cells help other dogs and cats who have suffered trauma, swallowed poison, had autoimmune disease, heatstroke, and undergone surgery.
More than 150 animals give blood at Blue Pearl.
The program began about 10 years ago and like Elaine many people just don't know that animals can donate blood.
A lot of our clients say the same thing: They don't know where that blood comes from when their pet receives a transfusion in the hospital.
So it is very exciting for them to know that somebody else's beloved pet has donated that life-saving blood.
That life-saving gift Elaine Beaulac Donates so does her canine companion.
She can save up to seven dogs lives with one donation.
So why would we not do it?
Remember those four legged friends who donated blood?
There are some extras: a free physical exam, complete blood workup, and tests for heartworm and other diseases.
Paul Mueller newsChannel 8.
