My name is Spencer Mills and I Have my assistant Reese here.
We'll be showing you how to check your pets vital signs at home.
For checking heart rate at home.
There are too many methods.
It can be done without use of the stethoscope.
First, you can place your hand behind the shoulder over the chest which is over the heart.
You can feel for the heartbeat this way.
In obese dogs and dogs with big fur coats, it may be too difficult to be able to feel the heartbeat.
The second method and my preferred method is to feel the femoral pulse.
The femoral artery is located on the inside of the hind limbs is easiest felt up high at the top of the limb of the body.
Walk take two fingers and feel around until you can find a pulse.
You can either record the heartbeat by feeling it here or check the pulse.
here.
record the amount of times it beats over 15 seconds.
Multiply that by 4 to get your heart rate.
We're taking your pet's temperature.
This is done rectally.
It's often easier if you have an assistant to help secure the dog's head and keep them still while you're doing.
This can also be performed when they're laying down.
First, you want to elevate your pets tail slowly insert the thermometer to their rectum.
Oftentimes they will jump in flinch when doing this.
So that's why it's important to have a second hand that help keep them steady, prevent them from turning around.
They try to run away once you hit the thermometer beat.
Slowly, remove it and you've got your temperature for respiratory rate you want.
observe your pets chest as it rises and falls.
Each time they take a breath count, tummy, and breasts, they take over a 15 second period and multiply that by four to get your breath per minute.
This is easier done when your pets laying and being calm on the floor.
However, it can be done when they're standing up.
It might help to grab their collar and keep them still so you can actually assess this number for checking your pets skin tint.
To assess them for dehydration, grab a handful of skin on the back of their neck, lift it up and let go is to quickly return to normal.
if it takes more than one to two seconds for it return to normal.
Your pet might be dehydrated when checking your pets gums First elevate, their lip should be a nice pink color and be moist to the touch.
To check capillary refill time, press on a pink spot of the gum and let go where you pressed.
It should initially be white and we'll turn to the normal pink color.
If it takes longer than 2 to 3 seconds to recharge the normal pink color, it is abnormal.
They're having difficulty assessing your pets vital signs at home.
Next time you take min to your veterinarian, ask if they would demonstrate how to properly perform these procedures at home.
With a little bit of practice, you give it a quickly and easily assess your pet's biosigns at home.
