Hey everybody!
So today's video is going to be about Day Three Scores!
Whoo!
What's this car but coconut and sweet lime with cleansing sugar scrub And I just want to do a video on this because I want to tell you a little bit more about it and show you how I use it.
It is a cleanser and it's also an exfoliator and it's meant to be used on your body in your face are just using on my face as an exfoliator because it has all natural ingredients and it's really gentle for sensitive skin.
So this is what the packaging looks like.
and I Just want to mention that there's one thing about the Day Three products that I absolutely love.
And that's the fact that on each and every product I don't know if you can see that they include a Bible verse on each and every product and I absolutely love that Love, love, love that about them.
and that's something that I've actually been purchasing from that for a while now and it's something that hasn't changed which I really, really, really appreciate.
I'm going to show you the texture of this product and this is a four ounce jar.
This is the texture of the product.
Okay, we can see it looks a bit crumbly, which it is.
It smells very much like coconut I Don't smell the lime very much I Do smell it a little but it smells mainly like coconut which is perfectly fine for me.
I mean it's coconut in lime and so based on the instructions in it says in the shower or bath generously what your skin scooped out, enough cleansing scrub to vigorously rub into your skin work, scrub into a foaming lather when done, rinse thoroughly and pat dry.
So what?
I'm going to do and because it's an exfoliator and a cleanser at the same time I don't have to watch first or after.
This is all in one step which I'm really, really like.
So what I'm going to do is wet my face I'm going to apply the product, show you what I look like after I've applied the product and yeah, that's it because it's been working great on my skin in addition to fake cream.
I've been using this which I think has accelerated the process of lightening my acne scars because if you've been following my skin videos, my scars were horrible I looked like I had a straight-up 5 o'clock shadow like I had a beard that I shaved and it was growing back in after like 2 days.
that's how bad my face was now.
I'm here for my acne scar so I attribute a lot of the fading underscoring to this product as well as their soaps.
So enough rambling.
Let's go ahead and get started with showing you how I use it.
So I will start off by giving you a better look at my skin before I apply the exfoliator so you can see for yourselves whether or not there's a difference in the before and after you can see I do have some acne on my face and it's very oily.
The first thing I'm gonna do is wet my face now I'm going to scoop out some of the exfoliator this is how much I'm using and I'm just gonna place it into my opposite hand so that I can take small amounts and apply it to my face.
well I just kind of stick it on there I put a little on each cheek, my chin, forehead and nose.
Yeah I Want to be careful because it doesn't stick very well before you start rubbing it in so you're gonna want to make sure you press it on there really good.
and then I just start to massage it into my skin in a circular motion trying to make sure that when I rub I kind of push up in order to you know, work against gravity and I just keep massaging it in in a circular motion until it turns into a foamy lather.
You should only take a couple of minutes and you'll actually feel the grains working exfoliating on your skin.
So as you can see, it does lather up nicely and now I'm just gonna rinse it off and Pat my face dry with a clean towel or paper towel and now you can see what my skin looks like afterwards.
You couldn't judge for yourself if you see any difference after exfoliating.
I Can personally see that a lot of the inflamed areas of my face have gone down and of course the oil is washed away.
Face does look very clean.
Alright, so that's it that is I Loaded!
My thoughts on the date: Three store coconut lime, lime, coconut and coconut, a sweet lime whipped cleansing sugar scrub and also how I use it and I use it two to three times a week I Absolutely love this product!
I'm not being big to say this I was not getting this free I purchased it with my own money because I absolutely love their products and I love this company stands for So I just wanted to come to you and do this video.
Hopefully you got something from it.
You enjoyed it.
Thank you for watching I will talk to you later.
Alright.
