Welcome to the rest of garden today!
I Wanted to show you how to seed start basil indoors and the first thing I wanted to show you was that there's not just one kind of basil.
Most of the time you go and buy basil at a nursery or one of the stores like.
Home Depot You get Green Basil, Large leaf, Green Basil.
There are a lot of different varieties and there's a lot of great reasons to start your seeds indoors.
Besides saving money, you get to have different varieties.
This is a cinnamon basil.
It's a green leaf.
This is a purple ruffle basil.
It has a similar taste but not as strong as green basil.
This is lemon basil.
Definite lemon taste.
This is a fine leaf dwarf bush basil which will actually grow for a long time.
It's great for salads and actually for chicken dishes and fish dishes.
And then there's a variety called Basil Summer Long and that will actually grow all summer and it flowers much more slowly than your standard basil.
I Prepared a couple of seat cells with starter mix in it and I wanted to go over real quick.
When you fill your cells up with starter mix, make sure you pre moisten the starter mix because it typically comes dry.
You don't want to use dry seed starting mix after you fill it once.
pressure thumbs into it to really make sure you push the starting mix down to the bottom because you get a water from the bottom.
Once you have it press down, refill it and the Nets where you're going to plant.
I Also, um, order basil online.
You can get a packet like this for a couple of dollars.
Now, when you plant basil and your starter cells, don't just put one or two seeds in I actually put in I Counted some of the basil I Already started that I'll show you in a second, probably 12 to 15 seeds, just drop them in.
And the reason you do that is basil is a warm weather herb.
It grows really quickly if you keep it in loose soil and you water it, It doesn't matter if it's pack together or not, it'll It'll just grow some things like plants like sage.
You want to just use one seed because the plant gets so big.
But definitely for these fast growing herbs, you can over plant the cells once you drop the seeds on top, just take a stick.
I Use popsicle sticks, roll it over for about a quarter of an inch, Make sure you mix the seeds in with the starter mix and you do all of them.
and once you to do all the cells, you just gently press it back down.
Make sure the seeds contact the starter mix.
I Use a popsicle stick, break it, label it, put it in, you, stack it into your flat, and in 14 days you'll end up with a whole flat full of basil.
This was started on April 10th.
today is the 24th.
These are all the raw varieties that I showed you.
You can see it grows really well.
All you got to do is make sure you keep it moist.
The basil will keep growing in here until you're ready to transplant.
When you're ready to transplant basically I Use styrofoam cups.
Just label it, poke a hole in the bottom because you're still go to water bottom.
Yeah, you still get water from the bottom.
When you pull a plug out, gently, break it and you're going to plant one half.
I Don't have any potting mix, but fill the cup with potting mix.
Poke a hole in it.
just gently put the basil into the hole, fill it around, press it in, your basil is ready to go.
You can either keep it in your flats if it's still cold outside, leave it by a window bottom, water, or if it's ready to go outside, take it outside for another 10 days, let the roots establish in the cup, and when you can see the roots coming at the bottom, it's ready to go into the ground.
You can also see with these guys that the roots are starting to come out, so these have to be put into cups over the next couple of days.
If you found this video helpful, please check out my blog at Wrc.org Spot Calm thanks.
